Exit
CPPA122, Module 8 - Introduction.pdf
Speaker:

Bluetooth

Filtered Text
0/20 chunks
Following Cat Wash Playback
Chunk 2 of 20 (5%)
They follow from a strategic vision or set of priorities and reflect the short-term goals established by the local council. They link to an accountability, performance, and reporting process on how resources are used and the associated results and outcomes achieved. Budgets are also a key financial management tool of government they identify proposed expenditures, and they allow for monitoring, accountability, and control of how money was spent and where. Budgets directly affect the tax rate and set out charges such as user fees. There are two types of municipal budgets the operating budget and the capital budget. An operating budget reflects the costs and revenues associated with the ongoing, regular operations of the municipal services, programs, administration, and governance processes. Operating budgets must be balanced with expenditures balanced by offsetting revenues because provincial legislation prohibits municipalities from having an operating budget deficit. The capital budget is for large cost items associated with the development of new municipal infrastructure and assets or the replacement of existing ones. These include buildings, roads, vehicles, flood control infrastructure, and major computer systems. These items may be financed through loans, grants from other levels of government, or reserves that municipalities have accumulated over the years for those purposes. The costs of these items are typically amortized, or spread out over a number of years. Some municipalities also have rate supported programs like water or waste management that are separate from the operating and capital budget. The operational and capital needs of these programs are entirely funded by user charges or rates. Most municipalities have a standard budget process that includes: Council-approved guidelines for staff regarding the upcoming budget Internal staff process to develop a draft budget Budget committee a committee of councillors who guide and review the development of the budget Council s final approval of the budget While this looks like a clear and tight process, the reality is anything but! Budget processes in large municipalities can take months, often starting in the fall and continuing into the following year. They are complex processes of estimating, forecasting, planning, balancing, and negotiating among many competing and compelling interests. Residents, community groups, civil society organizations, and businesses can have input on a municipal budget. Often municipalities hold special budget consultations, which provide information on the budget and offer opportunities for community members to ask questions and provide feedback. Community members can also make deputations to committees of council and or the budget committee and can send written feedback to their councillor or to one of the relevant committees. addition to written input. Here are two examples of these deputations: Business as Usual Is Not Enough , the speaking notes for a deputation from Jasmine Ramze Rezaee, Manager of Advocacy of the YWCA Toronto Toronto Budget Committee Deputation, January 2020 , a deputation from Sonya Yalda from the Toronto Youth Cabinet regarding funding for the TTC You are encouraged to look at the budget documentation for your local municipality. Most municipalities encourage public engagement and input, and budget material is often available in clear and plain language. Others have the treasurer s report, or a report from a budget committee, which sets out the various challenges and tradeoffs addressed in the budget. The City of Toronto, and other municipalities, make budget notes and other materials available to community members for service and program areas for example, here is one for Toronto Children s Services for 2020 . Local social planning groups, boards of trade business associations, and residents associations are some of the groups that pay particular attention to municipal budget processes.