In the current date and current time intersection cell where it currently says 5.6 hours until next task due, I want an empty column that is the same width as the height of one of the standard half hour rows on the calendar, to go on the left side in each date column, with its own vertical dotted line, The line does not need to as a separator between the actual dates in the date label cell at the top, it should start just below the date label cell and go down to the end of the day at 11:59pm. When the current date and current time intersection cell reaches a task on the calendar (ie: when the actual time is the start time of the task), rather than time just passing by and leaving that task remaining unchecked on the calendar, I want a dotted line to be created that comes from the check box of the task and connects to what will be the smaller square yellow box with the red box in it, at which point you will put a number 1 in bold white font inside the red box, and if 2 tasks are missed then a 2 etc... The other yellow box that is a rectangle can replace the current 5.6 hours until next task due, and instead you can put the number of hours into the green rectangle and that will be there permanently, it will move with the current date/current time cell as the time changes. I have formatted the yellow rectangle so that you can fit it to the full hour's height and then permanently right align it to the cell, and then the space that remains on the left side of the yellow rectangle is where the dotted line for the column will begin and if a task is issed, it will fit perfectly in to that space. The yellow square would be left aligned to the current date/time cell, and the dotted line would be exactly where the yellow square ends. This will only be for school related tasks. I have created the graphics for you, with example graphics attached and then I have included all the individual elements if you want to piece them together to look like the examples I have attached. You will need to format the font so that the numbers fit inside the boxes. and create the lines system so that they connect with a reasonably thick dotted line that will move as the time moves. Does this make sense?