 Alberta 2015). major metropolis of Qu bec and conferred additional powers and resources on it, the from the province to the municipality (Government of Qu bec 2016). 2.3 Summary The potential legal effect of the explicit articulation of municipal purposes, including their recognition as accountable and responsible governments, is unclear, because it has not been the subject of significant judicial interpretation. The Toronto ward boundary case suggests that these changes do not affect provincial governments constitutional supremacy over municipal affairs. the legal creations of provincial legislatures, which may alter their powers and institutions as they see fit. These statements may, however, play an important symbolic role insofar as they support provisions that delegate specific authority to municipalities (see Section 3) and underlie formalized intergovernmental relationships such as memoranda At a general level, statutory recognition of municipalities democratic function sets a collaborative and respectful tone that departs from the traditional framing of municipal governments as constitutionally subordinate policy takers. on mutual respect, consultation and co-operation. (s. 1(2)) and For the purposes of maintaining such a relationship, it is in the best interests of the Province and the City to engage in ongoing consultations with each other about matters of mutual interest and to do so in accordance with an agreement between the Province and the City. (s. 1(3)). 6. Toronto v Ontario (Attorney General), 2 ONCA 732. In his dissent, Justice MacPherson agreed with the majority that there was no implied protection for local governments from provincial interference in the unwritten constitution; however, he also recognized that the province did not act on its obligation to consult with the City of Toronto on important matters that affect it (ss. 107 108). Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 15 - 3. Powers and Jurisdiction 3.1 Grant of authority All municipal legislation contains a grant of authority, that is, a set of provisions that delegate to municipalities particular roles and responsibilities. These can be more or less general in their construction, at one extreme enabling municipalities to perform only enumerated functions, at the other defining general fields within which municipalities have broad discretion. Grants of authority are both enabling and constraining, in that they not only create municipal authority, they also limit it to certain subjects and circumscribe its use. Broadly speaking, grants of authority have become more expansive since the 1990s, when the cycle of statutory modernization began with Alberta s revised This section discusses provisions found in general municipal legislation, that is, legislation applying to all municipalities or categories of municipalities. So-called big city charters are discussed in Section 6. 3.1.1 General welfare power A municipality s general welfare power typically refers to an omnibus provision in the provincial enabling statute giving municipalities power to act for their own well- being, and for the well-being of their residents. Provincial legislation uses a variety of phrases to describe the general welfare power of municipalities. Alberta s Municipal Government Act gives municipalities power to pass bylaws for the safety, health and welfare of people and the protection of people and property (s. 7). The Municipal Powers Act of Qu bec gives local municipalities the power to pass bylaws to ensure peace, order, good government, and the general welfare of its citizens (s. 85). The Ontario Municipal Act empowers municipalities to pass bylaws for the economic, social and environmental well-being of the municipality, and the health, safety and well-being of persons (s. 11). Elsewhere, the general welfare power arises by implication through an interrelationship between the statutory purposes of the municipality described in the empowering statute(s) and the powers afforded to the municipality to achieve its purposes. For example, in British Columbia, sections 3 and 4(1) of the Community Charter provide that: 3. The purposes of this Act are to provide municipalities and their councils with (b) the authority and discretion to address existing and future community needs, and (c) the flexibility to determine the public interest of their communities and to respond to different needs and changing circumstances of their communities; and 4 (1). The powers conferred on municipalities and their councils under this Act or the Local Government Act must be interpreted broadly in accordance with the purposes of those Acts and in accordance with municipal purposes. Newfoundland and Labrador is the only province that does not grant its municipalities an omnibus general welfare power. While the province has held Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 16 - consultations on modernizing its municipal laws , it has not yet done so. 3.1.2 Express powers Before the 1990s, and dating back to the colonial period, most municipal legislation restrictively defined municipalities jurisdiction by enumerating lists of discrete powers (Lidstone 2007, 402 403). Municipalities were authorized to perform only those functions that were expressly included hence its characterization as the express powers doctrine. This approach was reinforced by the Canadian courts prior to the 1990s, which Makuch, Craik, and Meisk describe as follows: The courts, as a result of this inferior legal position, have traditionally interpreted narrowly statutes respecting grants of powers to municipalities. This approach may be described as Dillon s Rule, which states that a municipality may exercise only those powers expressly conferred by statute, those powers necessarily or fairly implied by the express power in the statute, and those indispensable powers essential and not merely convenient to the effectuation of the purposes of the corporation. Listing express powers has the advantage of affording municipalities certainty that bylaws and regulations passed in conformity with the enumerated powers will not be found to be ultra vires that is, beyond municipal jurisdiction. Yet no list of express powers can be exhaustive. In Canada, as in the United States, the need to adapt to changing circumstances has led municipalities to petition the legislature for amendments to general legislation or for special legislation to permit additional functions. The consequent burden on legislative committees spurred the creation of municipal boards and departments and ministries of municipal affairs in the early 20th century (Taylor 2019, 57 59). Table 3.1: Grant of authority Power General welfare power Express powers Spheres of juris- diction ( ) X (13) X (9) X (8) X (18) X (11) X (8) X (18) X (21) 3.1.3 Spheres of jurisdiction In the 1990s, provincial governments began to amend their municipal laws to grant municipalities authority over broadly defined categories, called spheres of jurisdiction, Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 17 - with fewer supplementary express powers. This legislative scheme is now used in the municipal statutes of eight provinces, with considerable provincial variation, and in some separate city statutes, including those for Winnipeg (a hybrid form), Toronto, and Montr al. Nevertheless, as Table 3.1 shows, all provincial statutes retain some express powers that apply to specific municipal needs. The number and specificity of spheres has increased over time. While Alberta s 1994 statute the first to establish spheres of jurisdiction (LeSage and McMillan 2008, 16) contains nine, more recent municipal legislation contains even more. New Brunswick s Local Governance Act, which came into effect in 2018, has 18 spheres, and Prince Edward Island s 2 Municipal Government Act specifies 21 spheres. General municipal laws in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador do not provide for spheres of jurisdiction. For a summary of the spheres identified in each province s legislation, see Table 3.2. In British Columbia, the Community Charter distinguishes between spheres exclusive to municipal governments and spheres shared by the province and municipalities, which require provincial sanction (s. 9). The British Columbia Court of Appeal has commented on the impact of the concurrent spheres in the Canadian Plastic Bag Association case, in which the Court of Appeal quashed a Victoria city council bylaw made without provincial approval. (As of this writing, Victoria is seeking leave to appeal the decision to the Supreme Court of Canada.) Further, in British Columbia, neither the Local Government Act (which governs the powers available to regional districts and electoral areas) nor the Vancouver Charter describe spheres of powers; instead, these two statutes rely on the enumeration of detailed express powers. In Ontario, the Municipal Act, 2001, sets forth 11 broad permissive powers, or spheres of jurisdiction (s. 11(3)), which can be exercised by lower-tier or upper- tier municipalities, as well as rules prescribing the division of authority in two- tier systems (s. 11(4)). In addition, the Act sets out eight matters under which municipalities can pass bylaws (s. 11(2)). Ontario s Municipal Act, 2001, and the City of Toronto Act, 2006, include other specific express powers. eight fields and further express powers to local municipalities and regional county municipalities. Table 3.2: Summary of spheres of jurisdiction in general municipal legislation of provs. Number of subjects 14 9 12 18 11 8 18 2 Public places and activities, culture 8 Animals 7 Business activ- ities 7 Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 18 - Table 3.2, continued of provs. Number of subjects 14 9 12 18 11 8 18 2 Transport sys- tems 7 Public utilities 7 Welfare, safety, and protection of people 7 Nuisances 7 Municipal ser- vices 4 Enforcement of bylaws 4 Buildings 4 Natural environ- ment 4 Streets 4 Vehicles and pedestrians 3 Explosives blast- ing 3 Economic devel- opment 3 Maintaining safe properties 3 Vehicle parking 3 Soil displace- ment 2 Drainage 2 Buildings and vacant dwellings maintenance 2 Public health and sanitation 2 Weapons fire- arms 2 Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 19 - Table 3.2, continued of provs. Number of subjects 14 9 12 18 11 8 18 2 Cemeteries 2 Building removal 2 Peace, order, and good govern- ment 2 Expropriation and property dealings 2 Condominium conversions X 1 Works along roads X 1 Off road vehicles X 1 Fire fighting X 1 Managing waste X 1 Libraries X 1 Police X 1 Pension and benefit plans X 1 Note: Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador are omitted because they do not establish spheres of jurisdiction. 3.1.4 Judicial interpretation Before the 1990s, municipal powers were usually interpreted narrowly to constrain a municipality s power to illegitimately restrict or control its residents common- or civil-law rights (Lidstone 2007, 403 404). Lidstone argues that the broad interpretation of the municipal general welfare power began to gain acceptance at the time of the Supreme Court of Canada s decision in the Shell Canada Products case. In that decision, the dissent, written by Justice McLachlin, urged that courts adopt a generous, deferential standard of review toward the decisions of municipalities in part because a generous approach to municipal powers is arguably more in keeping with the true nature of modern municipalities (Lidstone 2007, 405 406). Following the Shell Canada Products decision, the Supreme Court of Canada has tended to adopt the reasoning of the minority in that case, and has given impugned Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 20 - municipal bylaws a broad and deferential interpretation in the Rascal Trucking, Spraytech, and United Taxi Drivers decisions (see Makuch and Schuman 2015, s. 1). Nevertheless, the provinces retain constitutional authority over municipalities within the fields of provincial jurisdiction, as shown in the 2019 decision of the Ontario Court of Appeal in the Toronto city wards case (Toronto v Ontario). (As of this writing, Toronto is seeking leave to appeal this decision to the Supreme Court of Canada.) 3.2 Natural person power Natural person power enables a corporation to act as an individual in areas such as entering contracts, suing or being sued, hiring and firing employees, and taking any other corporate acts not prohibited by law. During the 1970s, most provinces modernized their corporation laws to give business corporations expansive powers akin to those of a human being in legal terms, a natural person (St. Paul ). In recognition of municipalities legal status as corporations empowered to exercise powers on behalf of their electors and residents, some provincial governments extended natural person power to municipalities to mimic the powers of provincially mandated business corporations. The grant of natural person power does not create new enumerated powers or spheres of jurisdiction, but potentially expands the municipality s ability to act independently within its areas of jurisdiction as established in provincial law. 3.2.1 Uneven extension and li
Apr 06 08:15:06 raspberrypi node[7671]: wer, and an expansive general welfare power enable a broad scope of municipal action that has been Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 62 - generously interpreted by the courts. While the pace of change has been uneven across the country, the trend has been toward greater empowerment and permissive application. Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador are conspicuous in having neither established spheres of jurisdiction nor conferred natural person powers. 3. The courts have increasingly demonstrated a generous interpretation of municipal authority. The courts have not only tested the limits of local authority, but also expanded the legal meaning of grants of authority. While sustaining the constitutional construction of municipalities as creatures of the provinces, the judicial interpretation of local bylaws has become more generous and deferential since the dissent by Justice McLachlin in the Supreme Court of Canada s 1 Shell decision, in which she stated that Courts should not be quick to substitute their views for those of elected council members on what will best serve the welfare of the city s citizens. The current and potential effect of more expansive judicial interpretation is not fully known, but, as we note later, worthy of systematic study. 4. Big cities increasingly operate under bespoke legal arrangements, but their long-term impact remains unclear. Much energy has been expended over the past 25 years on the idea of city charters, or what we characterize as asymmetrical arrangements for large cities. While the legal instruments differ, Toronto, Halifax, Calgary, and Edmonton have joined Vancouver, Winnipeg, Montr al, and other urban municipalities in deriving some or all of their authority from separate statutes relative to other cities. The constitutional relationship of municipalities to the province remains unchanged, however, and the powers available in special laws largely mirror those in general legislation. The modern wave of charter experimentation in Toronto and in the Alberta cities may represent a tentative first step toward greater asymmetry. Comfort with bespoke arrangements may lead to greater differences between charters and Alternatively, as seen in Ontario, general municipal law is often subsequently amended to incorporate the provisions in city charters. The adoption of charters may fuel a generalized thrust toward more expansive and permissive delegation of authority to municipalities in a ratchet effect. 5. Fiscal empowerment lags legal empowerment. The broad transformation in local government law we have described has not been accompanied by equally far- reaching changes in municipal access to own-source revenues. Few municipalities have access to revenues beyond property taxes, fees, and penalties for operating purposes, and borrowing for capital purposes. Most provinces also enable development charges and density bonusing to offset localized capital costs associated with development. Researchers have questioned whether the available revenue source mix is appropriate in a postindustrial economy and for large cities, and also whether municipalities have fully exploited their existing revenue sources. We have not discussed intergovernmental fiscal transfers because they are not a Two notable exceptions are the Federal Gas Tax Fund Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 63 - block grant established in 2005 and Alberta s 2 City Charters Fiscal Framework Act, which establishes an ongoing statutory funding formula for Calgary and Edmonton. (The latter will be repealed and replaced with a less generous formula when Bill 20 comes fully into force.) Nevertheless, all local governments receive some combination of conditional and unconditional grants from the provincial governments by annual appropriation. The future will no doubt bring vigorous debate over whether and how much municipal fiscal stress should be addressed by: more intensive use of existing local revenue sources; enabling greater discretion in setting rates and how revenues can be spent (see, for example, Found 2019); increased unconditional support from the provincial and federal governments, perhaps through transferring a share of the federal GST; uploading responsibilities to provinces; or opening up new tax fields to municipalities, such as excise and payroll taxes. Regarding the last possibility, both theory and practice suggest that while revenue diversification is beneficial, strong political and competitive forces constrain any given municipality from imposing higher taxes than its neighbours (McMillan and Dahlby 2014; Tiebout 1956). Some have called for such taxes to be levied at the regional scale to minimize negative effects, and have noted significant variations in municipal tax bases: rich municipalities can raise more local revenue than poor ones. 7.2 Observations What have we learned from this review of municipal legislation? 1. We do not yet know the limits of existing municipal powers. The shift to more permissive grants of authority and the enactment of asymmetrical arrangements for large cities are recent. The full effect of these trends remains unknown and will be revealed only as local politicians and administrators devise initiatives that fully exploit their potential and statutes are interpreted by the courts. 2. While local self-government is a cornerstone of our political tradition, municipalities cannot be nation-states in miniature. Municipalities cannot go it alone because they are subject to larger economic, social, and environmental forces and are embedded in complex, historically evolved constitutional, legal, administrative, and fiscal systems. Municipalities need empowering legal and fiscal frameworks that reward creative problem-solving and democratic accountability without generating new inequalities and negative spillover effects. In establishing these frameworks, provinces must be constructive partners with municipalities. There is a risk, however, that greater municipal empowerment will reduce the incentive for provinces to maintain and support legal and fiscal frameworks much as home rule, both as a legal instrument and governing idea, has led American state governments to neglect the fiscal and other needs of their cities. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 64 - 3. Insofar as provinces are engaged in local affairs, much depends on their wisdom and forbearance. Throughout this paper, we have emphasized the constitutional foundations of the provincial-municipal relationship. As constitutionally entrenched sovereign governments, provinces can alter laws, regulations, and policies affecting municipalities as they see fit. Whether they will do so wisely and strategically is a political question, not a legal one. 4. Greater institutional autonomy may be the next frontier. Compared with the United States, the internal organization of Canadian municipal representative and administrative institutions is highly uniform, because of prescriptive provincial legislation. It is an open question whether a more permissive legal approach for example, enabling municipalities to adopt strong mayors, partisan elections, or other variations would spur more innovative policymaking, more accountability and transparency, or greater operational efficiency. For example, Ontario s enabling of alternative electoral systems (see Municipal Elections Act, s. 41.1, which enables ranked-choice ballots) indicates the potential for municipalities to make such important institutional decisions on their own. 7.3 Suggestions for further research This paper has provided a general overview of provincial legal frameworks that constitute, empower, and constrain municipalities. The intricacies of general and special municipal laws and their legal interpretation in the 10 provinces require additional focused investigation. In particular, further research would be beneficial on three fronts: 1. This overview shows that municipal law is both enabling and constraining, and has become more permissive over time. What we do not fully understand, however, is exactly how constraints are experienced We recommend a survey of all Canadian municipalities, large and small and in all provinces, to identify what specific legal provisions (as opposed to fiscal limitations) prevent them from accomplishing important objectives. The results of such a survey would enable the focusing of reform advocacy on matters of everyday significance. 2. Case studies of municipal innovation using new legal tools. Municipalities have more powers than ever before, yet we know little about how they are being used. We recommend a research program to discover how municipalities are working at the limits of their legal authority to pursue policy objectives. In particular, we recommend focusing attention on bylaws and undertakings adopted on the basis of the general welfare power, broad grants of authority, and the natural person power. 3. Monitoring litigation and judicial interpretation. The meaning of statutes is fleshed out through legal challenges and judicial interpretations. We recommend the ongoing monitoring of court challenges to boundary-pushing municipal initiatives, as is performed by the FCM s Legal Defence Fund. Again, a key focus should be on Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 65 - initiatives grounded in the general welfare power, the grant of authority, and the natural person power. This would not only reveal how the courts are interpreting the expanded powers and grants of authority in reformed municipal laws, it would also provide municipalities with insights on how to frame such bylaws. 8. 8.1 Documentary sources Althaus, Catherine, and Lindsay Tedds. 2016. User Fees in Canada: A Municipal Design and Implementation Guide. Ottawa: Canadian Tax Foundation. Amborski, David P. 1998. Review of the Regulatory Environment of Municipal Capital Borrowing. Toronto: ICURR Press. Ashton, William, Wayne Kelly, and Ray Bollman. 2015. Municipalities amalgamate in Manitoba: Moving towards rural regions. Manitoba Law Journal 38 (2): 123 154. Baumeister, Mia. 2012. Development Charges Across Canada: An Underutilized Growth Management Tool? Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Bellamy, Denise E. 2005. Report. Toronto Computer Leasing Inquiry and Toronto External Contracts Inquiry. 4 vols. Toronto. Binney, Charles Chauncey. 1893. Restrictions upon local and special legislation in the United States. The American Law Register and Review 41 (12). Bird, Richard M., Enid Slack, and Almos T. Tassonyi. 2012. A Tale of Two Taxes: Property Tax Reform in Ontario. Cambridge, MA: Lincoln Institute of Land Policy. Bish, Robert L., and Eric G. Clemens. 2008. Local Government in British Columbia. 4th ed. Richmond, BC: Union of British Columbia Municipalities. City of Surrey. 2007. Corporate Report, Council-in-Committee: Community Charter and Local Government Act Municipal Powers Compared to the Vancouver Charter. File 0125 50, 2 September. Surrey, BC. 2014. Provincial-Municipal Relations in Ontario: Approaching an Inflection Point. Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Cunningham, J. Douglas. 2011. Updating the Ethical Infrastructure: Report of the Mississauga Judicial Inquiry. Mississauga, ON. Dollery, Brian, Joseph Garcea, and Edward C. LeSage. 2008. Local Government Reform: A Comparative Analysis of Advanced Anglo-American Countries. Cheltenham, UK: Edward Elgar. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 66 - Downey, Terrence J., and Robert J. Williams. 1998. Provincial agendas, local responses: The common sense restructuring of Ontario s municipal governments. Canadian Public Administration 41 (2): 210 238. Dupuis, Jean. 2016. The Gas Tax Fund: Chronology, Funding and Agreements. Publication -99-E. Ottawa: Library of Parliament. DuPuis, Nicole, Trevor Langan, Christiana McFarland, Angelina Panettieri, and Brooks Rainwater. 2017. City Rights in an Era of Preemption: A State-by-State Analysis. Washington, DC: Center for City Solutions, National League of Cities. Feldman, Lionel D. 1974. Ontario 1945 1973: The Municipal Dynamic, The Evolution of Policy in Contemporary Ontario. Toronto: Ontario Economic Council. Flynn, Alexandra. 2017. Reimagining Toronto s Community Councils. Journal of Law and Social Policy 27: 94 115. Found, Adam. 2019. Development Charges in Ontario: Is Growth Paying for Growth? IMFG Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Garcea, Joseph. 2004. Modern Municipal Statutory Frameworks in Canada. Revue Gouvernance 1 (1). Good, Kristin. 2019. The Fallacy of the Creatures of Provinces Doctrine: Recognizing and Protecting Municipalities Constitutional Status. Governance . Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Government of Alberta. 2015. Framework Memorandum of Understanding for the Municipal Government Act Review. Edmonton. 2016. la me tropole. Montr al. Graham, Kathryn. 2018. Leading Canada s cities? A study of urban mayors. Doctoral dissertation. London, ON: Dept. of Political Science, University of Western Ontario. Halifax Regional Council. 2017. HRM Charter Review: Natural Person Powers. Item .3.1. 1 August. Halifax Regional Municipality. documents city-hall regional-council 170801rc1431.pdf, accessed 2 August 2019. Halifax Regional Council. 2009. Code of Conduct for Municipal Elected Officials. Item .1.5, 2 May. Halifax: Halifax Regional Municipality. Hanniman, Kyle. 2015. A Good Crisis: Canadian Municipal Credit Conditions after the Lehman Brothers Bankruptcy. Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 67 - Homersham, Robert A. 2018. Alberta city charters: Extraordinary powers handed out with the daily rations of government. Stikeman Elliott. Government, last modified 2 Sep. 2018, accessed 1 August 2019. Isin, Engin. 1992. Cities without Citizens: Modernity of the City as a Corporation. Montr al: Black Rose. Johal, Sunil. 2019. The Case for Growing the Gas Tax Fund: A Report on the State of Municipal Finance in Canada. Ottawa: Federation of Canadian Municipalities. Kitchen, Harry. 2016. Is charter-city status a solution for financing city services in Canada or is that a myth? SPP Research Papers 9 (2). Calgary: School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. Kitchen, Harry, and Enid Slack. 2016. More Tax Sources for Canada s Largest Cities: Why, What, and How? Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Kitchen, Harry, Enid Slack, and Tomas Hachard. 2019. Property Taxes in Canada: Current Issues and Future Prospects. IMFG Perspectives . Governance, University of Toronto. LeSage, Edward C., and Melville L. McMillan. 2008. Information Bulletin 1110. Edmonton: Western Centre for Economic Research, University of Alberta. Lidstone, Donald. 2004. Assessment of the Municipal Acts of the Provinces and Territories. Ottawa: Federation of Canadian Municipalities. Lidstone, Donald. 2007. Recent British Columbia Legislation: The Community Charter. University of British Columbia Law Review 40 (1): 401 419. Local Law Center. 2015. Home Rule. Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund, https: celdf.org law-library local-law-center home-rule , last modified 2 August 2015, accessed 7 September 2019. Lyons, Joseph R. 2014. Structural variation and local service delivery: Comparing municipal governments and special purpose bodies. Doctoral Dissertation. London, ON: Dept. of Political Science, University of Western Ontario. Makuch, Stanley M., Neil Craik, and Signe B. Meisk. 2004. Canadian Municipal and Planning Law. 2nd. ed. Toronto: Thomson Carswell. Makuch, Stanley M., and Matthew Schuman. 2015. Have we legalized corruption? The impacts of expanding municipal authority without safeguards in Toronto and Ontario. Osgoode Hall Law Journal 53 (1): 301 333. Malloy, Robin Paul, ed. 2008. Private Property, Community Development, and Eminent Domain. Aldershot, UK: Ashgate. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 68 - McMillan, Melville L., and Bev Dahlby. 2014. Do local governments need alternative sources of tax revenue? An assessment of the options for Alberta cities. SPP Research Papers 7 (26). Calgary: School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. Moore, Aaron A. 2013. Trading Density for Benefits: Toronto and Vancouver Compared. IMFG Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Newfoundland and Labrador. 2017. Provincial Government Begins Consultations for St. John s: Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Environment. Ontario. 2014. The Municipal Councillor s Guide 2014. Toronto: Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing. Ontario. 2019. News release: Ontario helping make municipalities stronger, 2 October. Toronto: Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing. Price, Peter. 2017. Provincializing constitutions: History, narrative, and the disappearance of Canada s provincial constitutions. Perspectives on Federalism 9 (3). Riverstone-Newell, Lori. 2017. The rise of state preemption laws in response to local policy innovation. Publius: The Journal of Federalism 47 (3):403 425. Rust-D Eye, George, Ophir Bar-Moshe, and Andrew James. 2015. User s Manual 2015. Toronto: Carswell. Sancton, Andrew. 1992. Commentary. In John C. Courtney (ed.), Drawing Boundaries: Legislatures, Courts and Electoral Boundaries, 90 95. Saskatoon: Fifth House Publishers. Sancton, Andrew. 2000. Merger Mania: The Assault on Local Government. Montr al: McGill- Queen s University Press. Sancton, Andrew. 2016. The false panacea of city charters? A political perspective on the case of Toronto. SPP Research Papers 9 (3). Shott, Alison Katherine. 2015. Municipal associations, membership composition, and interest representation in local-provincial relations. Doctoral Dissertation. London, ON: Dept. of Political Science, University of Western Ontario. Slack, Enid. 1996. Financing Infrastructure: Evaluation of Existing Resrarch and Information Gaps. Ottawa: Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation. Slack, Enid. 2017. How Much Local Fiscal Autonomy Do Cities Have? A Comparison of Eight Cities around the World. IMFG Perspectives . Governance, University of Toronto. Slack, Enid, and Almos T. Tassonyi. 2017. Financing urban infrastructure in Canada: Overview, trends, and issues. In Richard M. Bird and Enid Slack (eds.), Financing Infrastructure: Who Should Pay? 21 53. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 69 - Spicer, Zachary. 2016. A patchwork of participation: Stewardship, delegation and the search for community representation in post-amalgamation Ontario. Canadian Journal of Political Science 49 (1): 129 150. Tassonyi, Almos T., and Brian W. Conger. 2015. An exploration into the municipal capacity to finance capital infrastructure. SPP Research Papers 8 (38). Calgary: School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. Taylor, Zack. 2019. Shaping the Metropolis: Institutions and Urbanization in the United States and Canada. Tiebout, Charles M. 1956. A pure theory of local expenditures. Journal of Political Economy 64 (5): 416 424. Tindal, C. R., S. Nobes Tindal, Kennedy Stewart, and Patrick J. Smith. 2013. Local Government in Canada, 8th ed. Toronto: Nelson. Tindal, C. R., S. Nobes Tindal, Kennedy Stewart, and Patrick J. Smith. 2017. Local Government in Canada, 9th ed. Toronto: Nelson. Vander Ploeg, Casey G. 2002. Big City Revenue Sources: A Canada U.S. Tax Tools and Revenue Levers. Calgary: Canada West Foundation. Yukon Tourism. 2017. Accommodation levies and taxes across Canada and internationally. City of Yellowknife. last modified 1 February 2017, accessed 1 August 2019. 8.2 Case references Canadian Plastic Bag Association v Victoria , BCCA 254. Catalyst Paper Corp. v North Cowichan , 1 SCR 5. District of Kitimat v Alcan Inc., BCSC 44. Fouillard v Ellice (Rural Municipality), MBCA 108. Greenbaum v Toronto, 1 SCR 674. Nanaimo v Rascal Trucking Ltd., 1 SCR 342. Ontario Public School Boards Assn. v Ontario (Attorney General), , 1 DLR (4th) 346. Shell Canada Products Ltd. v Vancouver , 1 SCR 231. St. Paul v Belland, ABCA 55. Toronto v Ontario (Attorney General), ONCA 732. United Taxi Drivers Fellowship of Southern Alberta v Calgary , 1 SCR 485. Vincorp Financial Ltd. v Oxford , ONCA 876. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 70 - 1. Are There Trends in Local Finance? A Cautionary Note on Comparative Studies and Normative Models of Local Government Finance, by Richard M. Bird, 2011. 2. The Property Tax in Theory and Practice, by Enid Slack, 2011. 3. Financing Large Cities and Metropolitan Areas, by Enid Slack, 2011. 4. Coping with Change: The Need to Restructure Urban Governance and Finance in India, by M. Govinda Rao and Richard M. Bird, 2011. 5. Revenue Diversification in Large U.S. Cities, by Howard Chernick, Adam Langley, and Andrew Reschovsky, 2011. 6. Subnational Taxation in Large Emerging Countries: BRIC Plus One, by Richard M. Bird, 2012. 0874-8 7. You Get What You Pay For: How Nordic Cities are Financed, by Jorgen Lotz, 2012. 8. Property Tax Reform in Vietnam: A Work in Progress, by Hong-Loan Trinh and William J. McCluskey, 2012. 9. IMFG Graduate Student Papers. Development Charges across Canada: An Underuti- lized Growth Management Tool? by Mia Baumeister; Preparing for the Costs of Extreme Weather in Canadian Cities: Issues, Tools, Ideas, by Cayley Burgess, 2012. 10. The Reform of Business Property Tax in Ontario: An Evaluation, by Michael Smart, 2012. 11. Hungary: An Unfinished Decentralization? by Izabella Barati-Stec, 2012. 12. Economies of Scale in Fire and Police Services, by Adam Found, 2012. 13. Trading Density for Benefits: Toronto and Vancouver Compared, by Aaron A. Moore, 2013. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 71 - 14. Merging Municipalities: Is Bigger Better? by Enid Slack and Richard M. Bird, 2013. 15. Public Finance and the Politics of Scale in Montr al: Will the Proposed Reforms Save the Megacity? 16. Decentralization and Infrastructure in Developing Countries: Reconciling Principles and Practice, by Roy Bahl and Richard M. Bird, 2013. 17. 18. A Better Local Business Tax: The BVT, by Richard M. Bird, 2014. 19. Cooperation and Capacity: Inter-Municipal Agreements in Canada, by Zachary Spicer, 2015. 20. Can GTA Municipalities Raise Property Taxes? An Analysis of Tax Competition and Revenue Hills, by Almos Tassonyi, Richard Bird, and Enid Slack, 2015. 21. How to Reform the Property Tax: Lessons from around the World, by Enid Slack and Richard M. Bird, 2015. 22. A Good Crisis: Canadian Municipal Credit Conditions After the Lehman Brothers Bank- ruptcy, by Kyle Hanniman, 2015. 23. Municipal Employee Pension Plans in Canada: An Overview, by Bob Baldwin, 2015. 24. Cities, Data, and Digital Innovation, by Mark Kleinman, 2016. 25. Can Tax Increment Financing Support Transportation Infrastructure Investment? by Murtaza Haider and Liam Donaldson, 2016. 26. Good Governance at the Local Level: Meaning and Measurement, by Zack Taylor, 2016. 27. More Tax Sources for Canada s Largest Cities: Why, What, and How? by Harry Kitchen and Enid Slack, 2016. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 72 - 28. Did the Land Transfer Tax Reduce Housing Sales in Toronto? by Murtaza Haider, Amar Anwar, and Cynthia Holmes, 2016. 29. Financing the Golden Age: Municipal Finance in Toronto 1950-1975, by Richard White, 2016. 30. Climate Change, Floods, and Municipal Risk Sharing, by Daniel Henstra and Jason Thistlethwaite, 2017. 31. The Evolving Role of City Managers and Chief Administrative Officers, by Michael Fenn and David Siegel, 2017. 32. creating Boundary Lines: Assessing Toronto s Ward Boundary Review Process, by Alexandra Flynn, 2017. 33. Land Value Capture and Social Benefits: Toronto and S o Paulo Compared, by Abigail Friendly, 2017. 34. Financing Urban Infrastructure in Canada: Who Should Pay? by Enid Slack and Almos T. Tassonyi, 2017. 35. Paying for Water in Ontario s Cities: Past, Present, and Future, by Harry Kitchen, 2017. 36. Re-imagining Community Councils in Canadian Local Government, by Alexandra Flynn and Zachary Spicer, 2017. 37. Climate Finance for Canadian Cities: Is Debt Financing a Viable Alternative? by Gus- tavo Carvalho, 2018. 38. The Public Finance Challenges of Fracking for Local Governments in the United States, by Austin Zwick, 2018. 39. Returning to the Golden Rule of Balanced Budgets: The Institutional and Political Econ- omy of Restricting Public Deficits and Debt, by Bernard Dafflon, 2018. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 73 - 40. The Platform Economy and Regulatory Disruption: Estimating the Impact on Municipal Revenue in Toronto, by Zachary Spicer, 2018. 41. Development Charges in Ontario: Is Growth Paying for Growth? by Adam Found, 2019. 42. Does Local Government Autonomy Promote Fiscal Sustainability? Lessons from Illinois s Home-Rule Municipalities, by Matthew Walshe, 2019. 43. Mind the Funding Gap: Transit Financing in Los Angeles County and Metro Vancouver, by Matthew Lesch, 2019. 44. The Practice of Municipal Cooperation: Australian Perspectives and Comparisons with Canada, by Graham Sansom, 2019. 45. Filling the Gaps: The Role of Business Improvement Areas and Neighbourhood Associa- tions in the City of Toronto, by Alexandra Flynn, 2019. 46. The Fallacy of the Creatures of the Provinces Doctrine: Recognizing and Protecting Municipalities Constitutional Status, by Kristin Good, 2019.","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:46:25.993Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:31.986Z"},{"id":139,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 9 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 9 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 9 - Mar 14-20/Module/CPPA122, Module 9 - Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":959281,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:38:03.826Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:33.623Z"},{"id":140,"originalName":"Can Public Adm - 2019 - Lucas - Multilevel policy from the municipal perspective  A pan‐Canadian survey.pdf","displayName":"Can Public Adm - 2019 - Lucas - Multilevel policy from the municipal perspective  A pan‐Canadian survey.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/a74e3de5-b100-4d52-9d9a-0e4ab5bdb0f0","contentType":"application/pdf","size":222508,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:47:33.882Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:34.579Z"},{"id":141,"originalName":"proquest.com_printviewfile_accountid=13631.pdf","displayName":"proquest.com_printviewfile_accountid=13631.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/3db60af6-b27f-434d-81a1-70f48f5ad5cf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":104949,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:47:43.118Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:34.936Z"},{"id":142,"originalName":"Reflections on Who Does What – IMFG.pdf","displayName":"Reflections on Who Does What – IMFG.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f7da22c6-44e5-4e51-ab39-4f2d60d06d8d","contentType":"application/pdf","size":935120,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:48:00.977Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:35.512Z"},{"id":143,"originalName":"Uber launches lawsuit over 'bad faith' council vote, calls on court to overturn ridesharing cap.pdf","displayName":"Uber launches lawsuit over 'bad faith' council vote, calls on court to overturn ridesharing cap.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/df222a3d-d4e8-47a5-a492-e38e1a572c18","contentType":"application/pdf","size":99251729,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:48:31.491Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:56.169Z"},{"id":144,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 10 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 10 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/1e7be73b-ca76-42ed-be71-b32771be943a","contentType":"application/pdf","size":297404,"folder":"week-10-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:43:08.980Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:03:00.596Z"},{"id":145,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 11 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 11 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/da075750-ca46-4d0c-9c90-53f32ffe587b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":383263,"folder":"week-11-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:33:45.971Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:51.302Z"},{"id":146,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 12 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 12 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f8f6b290-02b0-4595-aa7e-d511fdd177ec","contentType":"application/pdf","size":260700,"folder":"week-12-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:29:24.789Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:52.948Z"},{"id":147,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 13 - Assignment Detail.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 13 - Assignment Detail.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/06ec675f-4c3d-41d9-b222-0a5e8079f88b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":54661,"folder":"week-13-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:33:47.431Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:54.457Z"},{"id":148,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 5 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 5 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CFNF400 - Human Sexuality/Week 5 - Feb 7-13/Module/CFNF400, Module 5 - Learning Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":534874,"folder":"week-5-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":18,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"By the end of this module, students will be able to: 1. Describe the attitudes of Canadians towards sexual orientation. 2. Recognize the major obstacles faced by gay, lesbian, and bisexual youth and adults. 3. Identify and describe the six stages of gay, lesbian, and bisexual identity development. 4. Identify and describe the four dimensions of the coming out process. Topic Overview In terms of the social context of human sexuality, the evolution of societal attitudes and public policies and laws related to sexual orientation represents a fundamental shift in basic assumptions about the very nature of human sexuality and in values concerning what is, and what is not, morally acceptable sexual behaviour. Sexual Orientation: Notes About Terminology and Acronyms Some terms related to sexuality can become, over time, politicized. Homosexuality is one of those terms. According to Cornelson \"The term 'homosexual' has a clinical connotation that is associated with pathology and reflects historical judgements that same-sex orientation was an illness. It is thus thought by many to be outdated, inaccurate, and even pejorative\" (). However, the term \"homosexuality\" is still used in the sexological literature (For example, your textbook uses this term but in a strictly non-pejorative sense.) Most people with same-sex attraction refer to themselves as \"gay\", \"lesbian\", or \"bisexual\", rather than as a \"homosexual.\" For the purposes of this course, the term \"homosexual\" is used in a value-neutral way that simply defines \"homosexuality\" as a sexual attraction to another person of the same gender. Various different acronyms have been used to describe the range of sexual orientations and gender identities that exist. Your textbook chapters on sexual orientation and gender define and discuss many of these identities. Here is an acronym currently used to define different sexually related identities. LGBTQI2SNA : Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex, Two Spirit, nonbinary, asexual and other emerging identities . We will use the LGBTQI2SNA acronym at various points in the course. In Module 1 we contrasted the Restrictive and Permissive sexual ideologies. As we saw, according to Restrictive sexual ideology homosexual behaviour should be discouraged, whereas Permissive sexual ideology holds that sexual behaviours should be not be judged on the basis of the gender of the partners involved in a sexual act but rather on the basis of criteria such as whether the behaviour is consensual and mutually beneficial. On these grounds, Permissive sexual ideology holds that homosexual behaviours can have the same moral validity as heterosexual behaviours and that a person's sexual orientation is not in any way an indication of their psychological health. Increasingly, Canadian society is adopting a Permissive sexual ideology towards sexual orientation. Key Point Increasingly, Canadian society is adopting a Permissive sexual ideology towards sexual orientation. Below are the results of a surveys administered in 1975, 1995 96, 2006, and 2013 that measured adult Canadian's attitudes towards homosexuality (Bibby, 1995; 2006; Pew Research, 2014). Research on Canadians attitudes towards sexual orientation is revealing in a number of important ways: 1. The results reflect the trend, over time, towards a more permissive ideological perspective towards homosexuality among Canadians. For example, in 1975, 72 of adult Canadians believed that \"homosexual relations\" were \"Almost always wrong\" or \"Always wrong\". By 1995 96 the percentage of Canadians with this opinion had shrunk to 52 . In addition, the percentage of Canadians who felt that \"homosexual relations\" were \"Not wrong at all\" more than doubled from 14 in 1975 to 32 in 1995 96. When Bibby surveyed Canadians a third time a decade later he found that about two-thirds generally approved of homosexuality (Bibby, 2006, cited in Hyde, Delameter and Byers, 2009). In 2013, Pew Research asked Canadians: \"Do you believe that homosexuality is morally unacceptable, morally acceptable, or it is not a moral issue?\" Only 15 responded that is unacceptable while 30 said acceptable, 50 responded that it is not a moral issue, and 5 did not respond. 2. Although the data from these studies suggests that Canadians are becoming more accepting of homosexuality over time, the Canadian population remains segmented in its attitudes towards the moral acceptability of homosexual behaviour. Langstaff reviewed the evolution of Canadians attitudes towards homosexuality and found that although Canadian attitudes have become more accepting overall, much of the shift is the result of people who were more or less neutral about homosexuality shifting their views towards greater acceptance. From her analysis of the survey data, Langstaff concludes that people who have opposed homosexuality in the past have not changed their minds. Indeed, many of these people have become more firm in their dissaproval of homosexuality. According to Langstaff, although the percentage of Canadians who are accepting of homosexuality has increased, \"...a fairly stable minority of about one-third of Canadians are profoundly dismayed by growing societal acceptance of homosexuality\" (). However, as the Pew Research survey results, cited above, suggest, the percentage of Canadians who disapprove of gay, lesbian, and bisexual orientations is continuing to shrink. However, many people in Canada, are not fully accepting of diverse sexual orientations . attitudes-in-canada-toward-lgbt-individuals \"Whether or not one morally approves or disapproves of homosexual behaviour is immaterial to the principle inherent within a democratic society that all people, irrespective of their sexual orientation or other such characteristic, have the inalienable right to live a life free of discrimination\" . Key Point Over time, Canadian's attitudes towards diverse sexual orientations are becoming more accepting. While societal attitudes towards diverse sexual orientations are becoming more accepting, LGBTQI2SNA people live in a world where social and cultural conventions are overwhelmingly heterosexual and where their sexual orientation or gender identity is still often viewed with stigma and prejudice. Cultural representations in the media (e.g., advertising, entertainment) have, at least until very recently, been almost entirely heterosexual in nature. some religious institutions continue to disapprove of homosexuality. Sexuality education programs in the schools may be taught with the assumption that all the students in the class are heterosexual. Many gays, lesbians, and bisexuals have been the victims of violence that resulted from their being targeted because of their sexual orientation. Although all credible mental health professionals now consider homosexuality to be a normal variation of human sexuality, it should be noted that until quite recently, homosexuality was officially considered a mental illness or psychological disorder. For example, it was not until 1973 that the American Psychiatric Association removed homosexuality from its list of psychological disorders. It is in this heterosexually oriented social context that LGBTQI2SNA people form their personal identity as human beings. Key Point LGBTQI2SNA people grow up and achieve developmental tasks in a social environment where their sexuality or gender identity is often viewed with stigma and prejudice. Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual Developmental Tasks It is very important that we do not generalize about diverse sexual orientations and gender identities, treating them as if they were all the same. Each LGBTQI2SNA identity is unique. Here, we will focus specifically on the developmental tasks of people who identify as gay, lesbian, or bisexual. Being transgender refers to person's gender identity (e.g., woman, man, or non-binary: see Module 4). In Module 4, identity development among transgender people is discussed. It's also important that we recognize that a person's identity as gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgender is just one component of identity and that it will overlap or intersect with other identities a person may have. An intersectional approach considers how different identities simultaneously affect an individual s experiences. An intersectional approach also recognizes that the discrimination and oppression that a person experiences based on sexual orientation may also intersect with other forms of oppression such as those based on race, class, sex, and gender identity. Challenges Facing Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual Youth As we proceed through this course we will be looking at the developmental tasks related to sexuality at the various phases of the life span (i.e., childhood, adolescence, adulthood, late adulthood). Gay, lesbian, and bisexual people must also face a series of challenges related to sexuality that heterosexual people do not face. This may particularly be the case for gay, lesbian, and bisexual adolescents who must navigate a heteronormative and often homophobic social world. These challenges are clearly apparent in a survey of youth's experiences of homophobia, biphobia, and transphobia in Canadian schools (Peter ., 2021: ). For example, according to the Peter . survey, 64 of students reported hearing homophobic comments at school and 30 of 2SLGBTQ students reported that they had been the victims of cyber bullying. For many gay, lesbian and bisexual people, their sexual orientation is a major defining characteristic of who they are as people. We will be looking at two fundamental aspects of personal and social development for gays, lesbians and bisexuals: stages of identity development and the dimensions of coming out. The term \"coming out\" is commonly thought of as the process of informing other people that one is gay, lesbian or bisexual. However, in reality, the process of coming out entails much more than simply telling other people about your sexual orientation. Key Point The coming out process involves much more than disclosure to others. According to Rosario, Hunter, Maguen, Gwadz and Smith the process of coming out involves four dimensions (see below). It is only with the fourth dimension that the person discloses to others that they are gay, lesbian, or bisexual. In a similar way, the individual's development of a gay, lesbian, or bisexual identity is not a single step process but rather involves a series of stages. Listed below are stages of gay, lesbian, and bisexual identity development and the dimensions of the coming out process. You will notice that in many ways the stages of identity development and the dimensions of the coming out process are parallel to each other. That is, for example, identity comparison, the second stage of identity development in which a person begins to understand that they are gay, lesbian, or bisexual and the first dimension of the coming out process, self-identification of sexual orientation are basically describing the same process: discovering feelings of same sex attraction. The important distinction we need to make is that the stages of identity development are focused on the person's internal psychological development whereas the dimensions of the coming out process are describing key factors of the person's social development as a gay, lesbian or bisexual person. For example, the stage of identity acceptance refers to the individual's acceptance in their own mind that they are in fact gay, lesbian or bisexual whereas, for example, the dimension of becoming involved in gay lesbian activities refers to the individual's social interaction with others. Together, the stages of identity development and the stages of coming out provide a basic conceptualization of the developmental tasks related to sexual orientation for gay, lesbian and bisexual people. It is also important to recognize that these processes of identity development and coming out occur within, and are a reflection of, the heteronormativity of our society. Heteronormativity is the assumption or belief that heterosexuality is the default, or \"normal\" form of sexual expression. It is within this heteronormative context that gay, lesbian, and bisexual people form their identity. As a result, we should not look upon these stages of identity development and dimensions of coming out as points along the road of ideal development but rather as points of struggle and progression that gay, lesbian, and bisexual people must face because of the heteronormativity of society. As heteronormativity fades as society progresses, these stages of identity development and dimensions of coming out will become less relevant. Key Point The stages of identity development relate to a person's internal psychological development. The dimensions of coming out relate to a person's social development. Both occur within, and are a reflection of, the heteronormativity of Western culture. Stages of Identity Development 1. Identity Confusion The person, usually in childhood, growing up in a heteronormative society, assumes they are heterosexual but has some feelings of same gender attraction. 2. Identity Comparison The person begins to recognize that they may be gay, lesbian, or bisexual. 3. Identity Tolerance The person more fully recognizes that that it is likely that they are in fact gay, lesbian or bisexual and may seek out contact with others in the gay, lesbian, and bisexual communities to find affirmation. 4. Identity Acceptance The person now fully recognizes that they are gay, lesbian, or bisexual and accepts their sexual orientation. 5. Identity Pride The person begins to accept their sexual orientation as a positive aspect of themselves and contrasts and differentiate themselves from heterosexuals. 6. Identity Synthesis The individual focuses on fully integrating their public and private identities as gay, lesbian, or bisexual. Dimensions of the Coming Out Process (Rosario, Hunter, Maguen, Gwadz and Smith, 2001) 1. Self-identification as gay, lesbian, or bisexual 2. Involvement in gay lesbian recreational and social activities 3. Attitudes towards GLB identities become more positive 4. Disclosure of sexual identity to others \"The coming out process is an individual experience. The milestones, the hurdles and the pace of the process, all vary from person to person. Individuals bring a variety of coping skills, problem- solving abilities and resources to the process\" . It is important to recognize that although the stages of identity development have been presented in a step by step linear fashion (i.e., in a 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 progression), many gay, lesbian, and bisexual people will not necessarily pass through all of these stages in the same order. For example, some individuals may not develop social links with the gay, lesbian, or bisexual communities until well after all the other stages have been completed. In terms of identity development, because they live in an often homophobic culture (see Chapter 9 of your textbook for a definition and discussion of homophobia), some gays, lesbians, and bisexuals struggle with the coming out process. Also, research shows that the timing and progression of the coming out process can be affected by intersectional factors such as gender, race, ethnicity, class, and generational factors (Grov, Bimbi, Nanin, and Parsons, 2006; Haltom and Ratcliff, 2021). 01776-x It is important to note that some people are quite critical of fixed stage models of gay, lesbian, and bisexual identity development. For example, Alderson believes that identity development is a highly individualized process that is affected by a wide range of factors. Not everyone goes through the same stages in the same order. However, acknowledging individual variations in processes and trajectories, stage models can be useful in understanding developmental processes of LGBTQ young people . A meta analysis of 30 studies indicated that common sequence of LGB identity development was becoming aware of queer attractions, questioning one's sexual orientation, self-identifying as LGB , coming out to others, engaging in sexual activity, and starting a romantic relationship . Key Point Not all individuals will progress through the stages of identity development in a step-by-step linear fashion. Although the stages of identity development and the dimensions of the coming out described above do not apply to everyone, they can be useful concepts for health professionals addressing the needs of gay, lesbian, and bisexual students and clients. For example, assessing the stage a person is at in terms of their identity and social development can be helpful in determining specific issues that need to be addressed and to determine if a client is making progress in their development. Discussing the stages with clients can help them to make a self-determination of where they are at and where they want to go next in terms of their personal development. There are a number of ways that the school system and educators can promote the health and well- being of LGBTQ students. These include developing school policies that create supportive environments, teacher and school staff training programs, developing and implementing LGBTQ inclusive school curricula, and fostering the development of LGBTQ student clubs, organizations, and alliances . Key Point Although they don't apply to everyone, the stages of identity development and the dimensions of the coming out process can be useful concepts for health professionals to consider in working with gay, lesbian, and bisexual clients. In the next five modules we will continue with the approach of using developmental tasks to examine sexuality in childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and late adulthood. Review Poll 2 Module 5 - Due by the end of this week of study. Complete the four multiple choice questions below. Then click on Activity below to receive your short answer response question and follow the instructions on how to submit your short answer response. Alex will
Apr 06 08:15:06 raspberrypi node[7671]:  provide a commentary on the poll responses and short answers on the Review Poll 2 discussion board. To begin please click on the Review Poll links below. Question A2 - Module 4 describes the traditional sexual script for sexual interactions and gender roles. To what extent do you agree that the traditional sexual script contributes to gender inequality? Strongly agree Agree Neutral Disagree Strongly disagree Submit Question B2 - The research on gender and sexuality tends to highlight differences between genders (e.g., people who identify as women or men). But are people with different gender identities really that different? In general, do you believe that when it comes to basic sexual priorities, needs, and desires, women and men are: Very different Somewhat different Not different at all Submit Question C2 - As discussed in the textbook, there are theories and research that seek to explain the development of sexual orientation. Some people believe that this kind of research helps to dispel harmful myths and misconceptions and will contribute to full equality in society with respect to sexual orientation. Other people believe that research on the biological or social origins of sexual orientation is not useful and potentially dangerous. To what extent do you agree that researchers should be discouraged from investigating the origins of sexual orientation? Question C2-To what extent do you agree that researchers should be discouraged from attempting to identify the determinants of sexual orientation? Strongly agree Agree Neutral Disagree Strongly disagree Submit Question D2 - There has been disagreement in the province of Ontario about the grade level that children should first be taught about the diversity of sexual orientations and gender identities. At what Grade level do you think these topics should be introduced? K to 3 4 to 5 6 to 7 8 or later Submit Activity Cick here to get an Assignment based on the Opinion Polls above. Please Note You can revisit the review poll to view the updated results of your classmates opinions. Alderson, K.G. . Counselling LGBTQI Clients. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Bibby, R. . The Bibby Report: Social Trends Canadian Style. Toronto: Stoddart. Cass. V.C. . Homosexual identity formation: testing a theoretical model. The Journal of Sex Research, 20, (2), 143-167. Cornelson, B.M. . Addressing the sexual health needs of gay and bisexual men in health care settings. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 7, 261-271. Grov, C., Bimbi, D., Nanin, J. and Parsons, J. . Race, ethnicity, gender, and generational factors associated with the coming-out process among gay, lesbian, and bisexual individuals. The Journal of Sex Research, 43, 115-121. Hall, W. J., Dawes, H. C., and Plocek, N. . Sexual orientation identity development milestones among lesbian, gay, bisexual, and queer people: A systematic review and meta-analysis. Frontiers in psychology, 12, 753954. Haltom, T. M., and Ratcliff, S. . Effects of Sex, Race, and Education on the Timing of Coming Out among Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual Adults in the U.S. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 50(3), 1107 1120. Langstaff, A. . A twenty-year survey of Canadian attitudes towards homosexuality and gay rights. In D.M. Rayside and C. Wilcox (Eds.). Faith, Politics, and Sexual Diversity in Canada and the United States. Vancouver, B.C.: The University of British Columbia Press. (). McInroy, L.B., Beaujolais, B., Craig, S. L., and Eaton, A.D. . The self-identification, LGBTQ identity development, and attraction and behavior of asexual youth: Potential implications for sexual health and internet-based service provision. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 50: 3853-3863. Peter, T., Campbell, C. P., and Taylor, C. Still in every class in every school: Final report on the second climate survey on homophobia, biphobia, and transphobia in Canadian schools Toronto, ON: Egale Canada Human Rights Trust. Pew Research. . Global Attitudes Project. Morality interactive topline results. Rosario, M., Hunter, J., Maguen, S., Gwadz, M. and Smith, R. . The coming-out process and its adaptational and health-related associations among gay, lesbian, and bisexual youths: stipulation and exploration of a model. American Journal of Community Psychology, 29 (1), 133-160. Russell, S. T., Bishop, M. D., Saba, V. C., James, I., and Ioverno, S. . Promoting school safety for LGBTQ and all students. Policy Insights from the Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 8(2), 160- 166. Schneider, M. . Often Invisible: Counselling Gay and Lesbian Youth. Toronto Youth Services. SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. and Education Council of Canada. Reading Required Reading Human Sexuality in a World of Diversity 7th Canadian Edition, Chapter 9. for Further Research Essay Assignments Grov, C., Bimbi, D., Nanin, J.,and Parsons, J. . Race, ethnicity, gender, and generational factors associated with the coming-out process among gay, lesbian, and bisexual individuals. The Journal of Sex Research, 43 (2), 115-121. Hall, W. J., Dawes, H. C., and Plocek, N. . Sexual orientation identity development milestones among lesbian, gay, bisexual, and queer people: A systematic review and meta-analysis. Frontiers in psychology, 12, 753954. Haltom, T. M., and Ratcliff, S. . Effects of sex, race, and education on the timing of coming out among lesbian, gay, and bisexual adults in the U.S. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 50(3), 1107 1120. com.ezproxy.lib.torontomu.ca content pdf 10.1007 s10508-020-01776-x Kennedy, D.A. and Oswalt, S.B. . Is Cass's model of homosexual identity formation relevant to today's society? American Journal of Sexuality Education, 9 (2), 229-246. Peter, T., Campbell, C. P., and Taylor, C. Still in every class in every school: Final report on the second climate survey on homophobia, biphobia, and transphobia in Canadian schools Toronto, ON: Egale Canada Human Rights Trust. every-class Rosario, M., Schrimshaw, E.W., and Hunter, J. . Different patterns of sexual identity development over time: implications for the psychological adjustment of lesbian, gay, and bisexual youths. Journal of Sex Research, 48 (1), 3-15. Russell, S. T., Bishop, M. D., Saba, V. C., James, I., and Ioverno, S. . Promoting school safety for LGBTQ and all students. Policy Insights from the Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 8(2), 160-166. Russell, S. T., and Fish, J. N. . Mental health in lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender youth. Annual Review of Clinical Psychology, 12(1), 465-487. backend ptpmcrender.fcgi?accid PMC4887282andblobtype pdf SIECCAN. . Reaffirming Rights: 2SLGBTQINA inclusive sexual health education contributes to a safer school environment for all. Issue brief. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada .","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:56:28.630Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:58.219Z"},{"id":149,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 6 - Topic Overview.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 6 - Topic Overview.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f8c5328d-2c03-45c3-a9d6-2b42d3844ae6","contentType":"application/pdf","size":224103,"folder":"week-6-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:39:44.211Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:00.090Z"},{"id":150,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 7 - Assignment Detail.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 7 - Assignment Detail.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f862d31b-a3be-4a78-a86d-5ff990c9efd5","contentType":"application/pdf","size":56314,"folder":"week-7-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:31:18.932Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:01.475Z"},{"id":151,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 8 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 8 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CFNF400 - Human Sexuality/Week 8 - Mar 7-13/Module/CFNF400, Module 8 - Learning Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":381064,"folder":"week-8-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":30,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Part 1: Learning Objectives By the end of Part 1 of this module students will be able to: 1. Describe and evaluate societal attitudes towards adolescent sexuality and sexual behaviour. 2. Identify the key developmental tasks related to sexuality for adolescents. 3. Describe patterns of sexual behaviour during the adolescent years. 4. Identify and distinguish between the various influences on adolescent sexuality. Topic Overview Introduction: The biological and social context of adolescent sexuality It is perhaps stating the obvious to say that adolescence is a challenging part of our lives. One of the things that make it so challenging is that during adolescence nearly every aspect of our lives changes in profound ways. The physical, intellectual, emotional, and social domains of life are in state of rapid change beginning at puberty until we enter young adulthood in our early twenties. Of course, one of the areas where these changes are most prominent is sexuality. Sexual self-awareness may begin prior to adolescence and continues at an accelerated pace during adolescence and there is no doubt that, for most people, adolescence is a 'critical period' in the upsurge of sexual drives, the development of sexual values, and the initiation of sexual behaviours. The onset of puberty, the power of peer group expectations, and the communication of mixed messages about sex from adults can make dealing with sexuality difficult but for many, and hopefully most adolescents, the development of sexuality can be a positive and life enriching experience. Key Point Adolescence is a time of profound change in all aspects of life including sexuality. As we saw in Module Week 6, many of the building blocks of adult sexuality are built in childhood, but it is with the onset of puberty that we swiftly start to become sexual beings in the adult sense. In looking at the biological and social context of adolescent sexuality, it is important to note that beginning with puberty, youth are biologically capable of reproduction, have sexual feelings and desires, but, in Western society at least, they are about a decade away from assuming full adult status. We should keep in mind that until the twentieth century, in many respects, there was no such thing as adolescence. Soon after puberty, if not before, most people were out of school and often were married before their twentieth birthday. Obviously, this is not what happens for most Canadian youth today. According to sociologist Eleanor Maticka-Tyndale , What is new is the length of adolescence - that time between childhood and entry into roles are markers of adulthood (such as husband, wife, or parallel status; employee in a permanent job; rentee or mortgagee). Adolescence is a time when one is biologically mature but kept socially (and cognitively) immature, i.e., not ready to be an adult (). Furthermore, Lets be clear about this - these are social developments that are not tied to biology. Though young men and women enter puberty before they enter their teens, the average age of marriage is approaching 30. This means that by the time they marry young people have been biologically capable of reproduction for more than half their lives (Maticka-Tyndale, 2001, ). This gap between the biological readiness for sexual activity and the age at which we gain adult status has significant implications for how our society addresses adolescent sexuality. Although most teenagers are biologically ready to have sex, it is often said that teenagers are \"not mature enough\" to engage in sexual activity. Key Point In contemporary Western culture there is a significant gap between when young people become biologically capable of reproduction and the age at which most adults approve of young people having sex. The Developmental Tasks of Adolescent Sexuality For this course, we are looking at each phase of the life cycle in terms of specific developmental tasks related to sexuality. During adolescence, these developmental tasks are numerous and often difficult to accomplish. In one respect, the sexuality related developmental tasks of adolescence are confusing for the simple reason that adolescents live in a culture where they are biologically ready for sex, are constantly exposed to sexual imagery in the media, but at the same time they are often discouraged from expressing their sexuality by their parents, schools, and religious institutions. It is against the backdrop of this contradictory social context that we consider five major developmental tasks of adolescent sexuality. Key Point The developmental tasks of adolescent sexuality can be divided into five major categories: 1. Becoming comfortable with a rapidly changing body; 2. Gaining independence from parents family; 3. Developing self-acceptance as a sexual being; 4. Exploring romantic sexual relationships; 5. Protecting sexual health; 1. Becoming comfortable with a rapidly changing body: On average girls will begin puberty at age 10 or 11 and boys will begin at age 11 or 12. As anyone who has been through puberty knows, it is a time when both the mind and body are in a state of constant, often disconcerting change. (For an outline of the precise physical changes involved in puberty see Chapter 12 of your textbook). Physically, rapid increases in growth, development of secondary sex characteristics (e.g., pubic hair, facial hair, increased breast and genital growth), development of acne and body odour, menstruation, and other physical changes leaves many adolescents feeling awkward, insecure, and uncomfortable about their bodies. At one point or another, nearly all adolescents will wonder if their bodies are \"normal\" or will become convinced that they are unattractive. Media images depicting very narrow and unrealistic representations of the ideal body as well as peer group expectations can be very discouraging for adolescents struggling to gain confidence in themselves. On a general level, it is important for a person's overall well-being to become comfortable with their body. With respect to sexuality specifically, people who are comfortable with and accepting of their bodies are more likely to be comfortable and confident in their sexual relationships throughout their lives. 2. Gaining independence from parents family: Many theorists studying human development suggest that adolescence is a time when young people are seeking to establish a sense of their own identity as an individual. Put simply, adolescents are asking themselves \"Who am I?\" As part of the process of developing their own sense of self, adolescents will typically attempt to distance themselves from their parents and more closely align with their friends and peer group. Very often this move towards a sense of independence involves a rejection of parental values and norms including those related to sexuality. For example, some adolescents will reject their parent's wishes with respect to teen sexual behaviour, particularly if parental opinions conflict with teen peer group norms, as a way of asserting their independence and fulfilling a need to feel like an adult. Part of the general process of asking \"Who am I?\" is asking the question \"Who am I as a sexual person?\" 3. Developing Self-Acceptance as a Sexual Being: It's especially important that adolescents are able to integrate their sexual feelings, needs, and desires into a positive self identity, which includes, as one aspect, a sexual self. Put more simply, it is important for an adolescent to fully and consciously accept that they are a sexual being with sexual desires, needs, and feelings. We might assume, given the relatively open and permissive approach to sexuality in contemporary Western culture, that acceptance of the self as a sexual being is something that happens as a matter of course with all adolescents. However, some adolescents do have difficulty accepting themselves as sexual beings. This may particularly be the case for LGBTQI2S adolescents who have been exposed to homophobic attitudes. Fortunately, this is beginning to change as society becomes more accepting of diverse sexual identities, sexual minority youth navigate the developmental tasks of adolescent sexuality as well as their peers. Although Western culture has moved forward in recognizing and affirming female sexuality, to some extent, a sexual double standard between male and female adolescents still exists. In other words, our society is relatively more accepting of the sexual behaviour of teenage boys but looks more negatively upon teenage girls who are sexually active. Developing self-acceptance as a sexual being is important not only in terms of an adolescent's ability to form healthy current and future relationships. It is also important because people who do not acknowledge or accept themselves as sexual beings are less likely to take measures to protect their sexual health. For example, young people who do not acknowledge or accept themselves as sexual beings are less likely to plan to have sex or recognize that they might have sex. As a result, they are much less likely to practice safer sex if they do engage in sexual activity. This probably explains a significant proportion of unintended pregnancies and cases of STIs. 4. Exploring Romantic sexual Relationships: It is during adolescence that most young people will have their first romantic and or sexual relationship. Like most other aspects of teenage social life, romantic relationships typically cause a great deal of anxiety for adolescents. Many will have their first experience with falling in love and will be faced with the emotional turmoil of beginning and ending relationships. Adolescents are faced with the developmental task of learning, often with little or no experience, how to be in a mutually beneficial relationship and the experience they have with this process can have a significant influence on how they approach relationships throughout their lives. 5. Protecting Sexual Health: As you will see in your required reading for this module, the vast majority of Canadians become sexually active during adolescence and many teens are at high risk for HIV STIs and unintended pregnancy. Thus, learning the information and skills to consistently engage in behaviours that protect sexual health is a major developmental task of adolescent sexuality. Later we will explore how educational programs can effectively equip adolescents with the information, motivation, and behavioural skills to protect their sexual health. Patterns of Sexual Behaviour During the Adolescent Years Key Point The majority of Canadian young people will become sexually active by the time they reach age 20. The textbook documents various forms of sexual behaviour that occur in adolescence (i.e., masturbation, oral sex, intercourse). Approximately two thirds of Canadians will experience oral sex and or sexual intercourse before age 20. The most recent Statistics Canada data on sexual activity among young people indicates that the percentages of Canadian youth aged 15 to 24 who have experienced intercourse has not been increasing in recent years and may even be declining (Rotermann and McKay, 2020; SIECCAN, 2020). When reading about adolescent sexual behaviour, keep the following three Key Points in mind. Key Point Adolescent sexual behaviour is characterized by serial monogamy. 1) It is important to note that although most youth become sexually active at some point during adolescence, their sexual behaviour is often sporadic. That is, many, if not most, adolescents do not have sex on a regular or consistent basis. The literature on adolescent sexuality often designates a teenager who has had sex once as being \"sexually active\" even if that one time occurred several years in the past. However, it is not uncommon for a teenager, particularly a younger teen, to have sex only a few times over a number of years and to have a small number of sexual partners. Part of this is due to the fact that adolescent romantic sexual relationships are often relatively short in duration compared to adult relationships. Nevertheless, it is important to recognize that there is a subset of adolescents who are highly sexually active both in terms of frequency and number of sexual partners. Key Point Adolescent sexual behaviour is often sporadic and adolescent romantic sexual relationships tend to be relatively short in duration. 2) It is important to consider the concept of serial monogamy in order to understand patterns of sexual behaviour among adolescents and young adults. Most (but certainly not all) sexually active people are monogamous. That is, a person will only have one sexual partner at a time. Once a relationship ends, however, the person moves on to a new relationship where they again only have one sexual partner. Looked at in this way, a person could have four sexual partners in four successive relationships over a two-year period but still be monogamous. This person is more accurately described as serially monogamous. (See chapter 7 of your textbook for a discussion of \"friends with benefits\" relationships). The concept of serial monogamy is important to consider with respect to the high rates of STI among young people. For example, it is very common for college university students to be serially monogamous. Many college university students assume that they do not need to use condoms because they are in a monogamous relationship and neither partner shows any signs of having an STI (note that most cases of STI infection are asymptomatic so the person does not know that he or she is infected). These couples often use the contraceptive pill to prevent pregnancy but take no precautions against HIV STI. Psychologically, monogamous college university students often do not consider that they will very likely have different sexual partners in future monogamous relationships. In the end, by the time they graduate from university, many monogamous students will have had two, three, or more relationships, all of them monogamous, none of them protected from HIV STI. The occurrence of unprotected serial monogamy explains a large proportion of STI infections among college university students (For discussion of serial monogamy and its associated STI risk among college students see Bolton, McKay and Scnieder, 2010). Key Point Western culture provides youth with little education or guidance in developing the ability to have sexual relationships characterized by intimacy, mutuality, and pleasure. 3) The sexuality education provided to youth in Western culture, whether it is delivered by parents, schools, or other sources, is often limited to information on preventing sexual health problems such as HIV STD or is aimed at discouraging youth from becoming sexually active. As we have seen, most people will have their first sexual experiences during the adolescent years but many will do so lacking in accurate knowledge of human sexual response or the skills to have mutually pleasurable sexual relationships. As a result, these first sexual experiences can be a disappointment both physically and emotionally. Adolescents are generally left to trial and error as well as questionable advice from peers or distorted media representations for information on sexual intimacy and pleasure. Modern communication technologies (e.g., cell phones smartphones, social media apps websites) have fundamentally changed the way people are exposed to, learn about, and communicate with respect to sexuality. These technologies can have benefits (e.g., increased access to sexuality information, connecting with relationship partners), but also pose significant challenges (e.g., misinformation, privacy, and exploitation risks of online communication). Many people will be exposed to media portrayals of gender and sexuality (e.g., via social media, movies television music videos online games, pornography) that challenge sexual health and well-being in either positive or negative ways. Sexual health education programs should facilitate the development of media and digital literacy skills that will enable people to critically evaluate the sexuality-related material they encounter, as well as develop the knowledge and skills to use communication technologies safely and respectfully . The examination of adolescent sexuality provides an excellent example of how social context shapes our sexual beliefs, attitudes, and behaviours. As noted above, adolescents living in Western culture receive contradictory messages about sexuality. For example, many parents and religious institutions send the message that teens should not be sexually active while peers and the media may send the opposite message. The sexual health messages contained in school-based programs may be contradicted by the sexually explicit imagery easily found on the internet. Thus, its not surprising that many adolescents are confused and anxious about sexuality. Key Point Adolescents living in Western culture receive contradictory messages about sexuality. Increasing attention is being paid to the role that the media, particularly television and music videos, plays in influencing adolescent sexuality. Generally, it is assumed that the media's influence is negative. Consider also that adolescents today have much easier access to sexually explicit media (e.g., x-rated videos or pictures) through the internet than did adolescents in the past. For example, a survey of youth in Canada indicated that 22 in grades 7 to 11 reported looking for pornography online and 32 said that they had unintentionally come across pornography without looking for it (Media Smarts, 2022). 20YCWW 20Phase 20IV.pdf Our culture's ambivalence about the reality of adolescent sexuality, combined with the array of contradictory messages about sexuality that adolescents are exposed to, underscores the need to provide effective sexual health education to youth. In Module 9 we will turn our attention to societal attitudes towards sexuality education and the theory and practice of effective adolescent sexual health education. Bolton, M., McKay, A. Schneider, M. . Relational influences on condom use discontinuation: a qualitative study of young adult women in dating relationships. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 19, 3, 91-1 Maticka-Tyndale, E. . Sexual health and Canadian youth: how do we measure up? The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 10, 1-17. MediaSmarts. . Young Canadians in a Wireless World, Phase IV: Encountering Harmful and Discomforting Content Online. MediaSmarts. Ottawa. 20YCWW 20Phase 20IV.pdf McKay, A. and Holowaty, P. . Sexual health education: a survey of adolescents' opinions, self-perceived needs, and current and preferred sources of information. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 6, 29-38. Rotermann, M. and McKay, A . Sexual behaviours, condom use and other contraceptive methods among 15- to 24-year-olds in Canada, Health Reports, 31, (9), 3-11. SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. Reading Required Reading Human Sexuality in a World of Diversity, 7th Canadian Edition, Chapter (Read only LO12.2: Adolescent Sexuality) and Chapter 15. for Further Research (Essay Assignments) Maticka-Tyndale, E. . Sexuality and sexual health of Canadian adolescents: yesterday, today and tomorrow. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 17, (3), 85-95. (Available online - Toronto Metropolitan University library system). Rotermann, M. and McKay, A . Sexual behaviours, condom use and other contraceptive methods among 15- to 24- year-olds in Canada, Health Reports, 31, (9), 3-11. x 2020009 article 00001-eng.pdf?st 1fEXpUbq SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. Part 2: Learning Objectives By the end of this part of the module students will be able to: 1. Classify and describe different ideological perspectives towards sexuality education in the schools. 2. Identify and describe Canadian's attitudes towards sexuality education in the schools. 3. Assess adolescent's needs with respect to sexuality education. 4. Identify the key ingredients of effective adolescent sexuality education. Topic Overview Introduction As we saw in Module 1, and throughout the course so far, the social context of human sexuality in Western culture can be examined in terms of the struggle between the Restrictive and Permissive sexual ideologies. Although Western society appears, over time, to be tilting towards Permissive sexual ideology, there are many sexuality issues upon which Canadian society remains divided. The issue of sexuality education in the schools is also a good case study for examining societal attitudes towards sexuality. \"Sex education is potentially a vehicle for social engineering par excellence, be it progressive or traditional\". \"...educators in the field of sexuality inevitably do their work under some assumptions about its purpose and value - assumptions that include a particular vision of the place of sexuality in social behaviour in general and the needs of teenagers in particular\" . In Module 4, we became familiar with the concept of socialization (The ways in which society conveys to the individual its expectations for his or her behaviour). To a great extent, our sexuality related attitudes and behaviours are the result of the socialization process that occurs as we are growing up. Along with families, friends, religious institutions, and the media, schools are among the most powerful socialization agents in our society. It's not surprising then, that opinions about what should be taught in school-based sexuality education will be a reflection of different ideological perspectives towards sexuality generally. Key Point Schools are one of the primary mechanisms for the socialization of youth in our society and, as a result, sexuality education in the schools is often perceived as a powerful force in shaping the sexuality attitudes and values of youth. Ideology and Sexuality Education: Different Perspectives Restrictive Sexual Ideology: During the 1970's and 1980's, proponents of Restrictive sexual ideology argued that sexuality education did not belong in the schools. In this view, education about sexuality should be left exclusively to parents and religious institutions. From this perspective, sexuality education in the schools would provoke increased sexual curiosity and behaviour among youth. As it became clear, particularly in the 1990's, that schools would play some role in educating youth about sexuality, proponents of Restrictive sexual ideology tended to modify their position to argue that school-based programs should be focused on the primary objective of teaching youth that sexual activity outside of marriage is immoral, psychologically harmful, and unhealthy. These so-called \"abstinence-only\" programs have been far more popular in the United States than in Canada. Indeed, the U.S. government actively funds and encourages abstinence programs. Legislation signed into law by U.S. President Bill Clinton in 1996 included a provision that in order to receive federal funding, sexuality education programs must teach \"...that a mutually monogamous relationship in the context of marriage is the expected standard of human sexual activity\" and \"...that sexual activity outside the context of marriage is likely to have harmful psychological and physical effects\" (cited in Daley, 1997, ). Permissive Sexual Ideology: During the 1970's and 1980's, proponents of Permissive sexual ideology argued that sexuality education did belong in the schools. From this perspective, sexuality education in the schools would help to reduce sexuality related social problems such as teen pregnancy and HIV STI. In this view, knowledge was preferable to ignorance and youth should be taught that sexuality is a natural and positive part of life. Students would be encouraged to clarify their own values about the appropriateness of premarital sex and they would also be informed about birth control methods and ways to reduce the risks of sexual activity (e.g., condom use). Although many school-based sexuality education programs in Canada today make a point of stressing the advantages of abstinence, most programs, particularly in non-religious public schools, do acknowledge the importance of dual protection against pregnancy and HIV STD for sexually active youth. A Democratic Approach to Sexuality Education: Is it possible for sexuality education in the schools to avoid indoctrinating youth with a particular sexual ideology? In one respect, it seems clear that as Canadian society has, in some respects, adopted a more Permissive sexual ideology, these shifts in social attitudes have been reflected in our approaches to teaching youth about sexuality. For example, teaching that using condoms is a wise choice for sexually active youth or including the sexual health education needs of LGBTQI2S students in school curricula can be seen as examples of sexuality education being informed by Permissive sexual ideology. On the other hand, many sexuality educators and policy makers, particularly in Canada, have suggested a philosophical approach to sexuality education that is based, first and foremost, not in either Restrictive or Permissive sexual ideology, but rather on the basic principles of a democratic society. As noted above, the U.S. government unambiguously sides with Restrictive sexual ideology by funding and promoting abstinence-only sex education. Although in Canada, education is a provincial responsibility, the Canadian federal government has played a role in the past in sexuality education. A notable example of this was the Public Health Agency of Canada's Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education which took a quite different approach than the stance taken by the U.S. government. Consider the following statements from those Canadian guidelines. The Guidelines stateed that effective sexual health education: \"is structured so that changes in behaviour and confidence is developed as a result of nonjudgemental and informed decision-making\" (). \"should be provided in an age-appropriate, culturally sensitive manner that is respectful of individual sexual diversity, abilities and choices\" (). In sum, it would appear that, in contrast to U.S. policy, Canadian approaches to sexuality education reflect basic democratic principles such as the right to self-determination and the right to receive information that enables people to make their own choices. For a more modern version of these principles see the Core Principles of Comprehensive Sexual Health Education from the 2019 edition of the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education: Before examining Canadian's attitudes towards sexuality education in schools, lets take a very quick look at the history of school-based sexuality education in Canada and briefly evaluate the quality of current sex education programs. A Brief History of School-based Sexuality Education in Canada Up until the 1970's, there were few debates about sexuality education in the schools, largely because few schools had sexuality education programs. Students sometimes received limited information about reproduction and sexually transmitted diseases through lectures on \"personal hygiene\", or through biology and physical education classes. Beginning in the 1970's, concern about teenage pregnancies combined with increasing societal openness about sexuality led to the gradual implementation of sexuality education programs in Canadian schools. In the 1980's and 1990's, alarm over HIV AIDS, high rates of other sexually transmitted infections in youth, as well as a growing recognition that most Canadian youth were becoming sexually active in their teens, prompted most secondary schools in Canada to introduce some form of sexuality education. By the mid-1990's, every province and territory in Canada either mandated or strongly recommended, through provincial departments of education or health, that some form of sexuality education be taught in the schools . More recently, the province of Quebec has removed sexual health education from its formal curriculum although the Quebec Ministry of Education recommends that teachers find ways to integrate sexual health issues into classroom teaching. Key Point Every province and territory in Canada either mandates or strongly recommends that some form of sexuality education be taught in the schools. The Current Status of Sexuality Education in Canadian Schools What can we say about the current status of sexuality education in Canadian schools? Although it would be accurate to say that most Canadian youth receive some form of sexuality education before they leave high school, it is also true that few Canadian youth receive sexuality education that provides them with the information and skills necessary to protect and enhance their sexual health. Key Point Although most Canadian youth receive some form of sexuality education before leaving high school, few of these programs provide the necessary information, motivation, and behavioural skills that youth need to protect and enhance their sexual health. The quality of sexuality education in Canadian schools varies from school to school, from school board to school board and from province to province. Thus, it is difficult to generalize about the quality of sexuality education in Canadian schools. However, a number of observations can be made that suggest that there are many weaknesses in contemporary sexuality education. 1. According to data from the Canadian Community Health Survey (Rotermann, 2012; SIECCAN, 2020), about 9 of youth have intercourse before age 15 and another 26 have intercourse at 15 or 16. Yet, many, if not most Canadian youth do not receive detailed education on birth control and condom use until the later grades of high school. In other words, by the time they receive sexuality education, many youth have already become sexually active. 2. Sexual health education programs for adolescents tend to focus primarily on the prevention of sexual problems such as STIs but pay little attention to the enhancement of sexual health and well-being (e.g., healthy, mutually satisfying and pleasurable relationships). 3. Many sexuality education programs in Canadian schools focus on providing basic factual information on the biological aspects of human sexuality. As we will see below, simply providing youth with information on the biological aspects of human sexuality is unlikely, by itself, to result in youth adopting behavioural practices to protect and enhance their sexual health. 4. Very few school teachers have been given specific training on how to provide effective sexuality education programs. 5. Many school principles and administrators believe that providing sexuality education in the schools is highly controversial. They are, therefore, often reluctant to have topics such as sexual orientation and condom use included in the curriculum out of fear that many parents will object to these topics being taught. Catholic schools, in particular, are often reluctant to teach these topics. Canadian Attitudes Towards Sexuality Education As noted above, there is a common perception that sexuality education in the schools is a controversial topic and that many parents strongly object to the idea that their children will be taught about topics such as sexual orientation and condom use. To what extent is this true? Some parents do object to these topics being taught because they do not want the schools to contradict the religious or ethnocultural values related to sexuality that they are trying to pass on to their children. However, it is also true that most parents want their children to receive sexuality education in the schools. Key Point A strong majority of parents approve of sexuality education in the schools. Not only do most Canadian parents want sexuality education taught in the schools, parents also want these programs to teach a broad range of topics. Surveys of parents in Canada have found that most parents approve of the teaching of a wide range of topics including healthy relationships, sexual pleasure, masturbation, methods of STI prevention, birth control, gender identity, and sexual orientation (McKay ., 2014; SIECCAN, 2020; Wood ., 2021). Most Canadian parents appear to recognize the importance of providing youth with broadly-based sexuality education that addresses the realities of adolescent sexuality and sexual behaviour. Not surprisingly, surveys of Canadian youth clearly show that they want relevant sexual health education provided in their schools . However, these same studies also show that few students are satisfied with the sexual health education they are currently receiving . Here is a recent assessment from youth in Canada on their sexual health education experiences and needs: Working Towards Effective Sexuality Education in the Schools In your required reading for this module you will learn about the characteristics of effective sexuality education programs. Among the most important characteristics of effective programs is that they use theoretical models of behaviour change to create and teach the program. Key Point Effective sexuality education programs are informed by theoretical models of behaviour change. The Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education demonstrate the Information, Motivation, Behavioural Skills theoretical model and we will use the IMB model here to illustrate the principles of effective sexuality education. For more information on the key ingredients of effective school-based sexual health education programs see the SIECCAN document Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. (Both of these document are available online at the SIECCAN website Traditionally, and in many cases today, sexuality education programs focus on providing students with factual information. For example, students might learn that condoms reduce the risk of HIV STI infection or that not having intercourse means that you don't have to worry about pregnancy. But does simply learning this kind of factual information translate into healthy behaviour? Research has consistently shown that learning factual information is not enough. Students must also be motivated to use the information they have learned and they must also learn the actual skills to incorporate the information into their behaviour. Let's look at two examples (obtaining discussing partner consent to sexual activity, using condoms, dental dams, or other barriers to prevent STI transmission) of how the IMB model can be used to formulate effective sexuality education for adolescents. Both of these examples are excerpted from the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education . Obtaining discussing partner consent to sexual activity Information Acquire knowledge relating to: General and legal definitions of clear, affirmative consent and sexual assault Factors that contribute to non-consensual sexual activity Understanding nonverbal communication Discussion of consent within relationships (e.g., consent should not be assumed just because people are already in a relationship) Communication skills needed to establish shared interest and mutual understanding of desired sexual behaviours Motivation Discuss Address: Personal attitudes towards the importance of clear, affirmative consent Ideas beliefs about personal responsibility to ensure the safety of others Ideas about perceived social support for obtaining clear, affirmative consent Perceived costs and benefits of clear, affirmative consent Personal comfort and competency in navigating conversations related to sexual behaviours, interests, and boundaries. Behavioural skills Practicing and applying the knowledge on: Bringing up and discussing communicating own consent and obtaining consent from partners (e.g., personal script for obtaining giving consent) Assessing verbal and nonverbal consent skills throughout the sexual encounter to ensure there is unambiguous, ongoing, clear, affirmative consent Bringing up and discussing shared interest and mutual understanding of desired sexual behaviours Condom Use, Dental Dam Use, or other Barrier Use to Prevent STI Transmission Information Acquire knowledge relating to: Basic information regarding anatomy, physiology, STIs, and pregnancy STI risk behaviours and transmission Effectiveness of condoms, dental dams, and other barriers in preventing STI transmission or acquisition What a condom is, what a dental dam is, what other types of barriers are (e.g., gloves) Where to access condoms, dental dams, and other barriers (including free and low-cost options) How to use a condom, dental dam, and other barriers, correctly (e.g., checking expiration dates, applying and removing barriers, storage of condoms, dental dams, and other barriers) How to discuss condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier use with a partner Keeping condoms, dental dams, and other barriers available Comfortable and pleasurable condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier use Motivation Discuss Address: Target audience s vulnerability to STIs Ideas beliefs about personal responsibility safety Ideas about sexual scripts and gender norms that impact condom, dental dam, and other type of barrier use Individual peer public attitudes norms towards using or not using condoms, dental dams, or other barriers The specific benefits of condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier use to the individual Behavioural skills Practicing and applying the knowledge on: How to access condoms, dental dams, and other types of barriers How to discuss condom, dental dam, and other types of barrier use with a partner Scripting unilateral use of a condom, a dental dam, or other type of barrier How to use a condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier (e.g., opening the package, putting a condom on, taking it off; placing the dental dam over a partner s vulva and or anus so that it creates a barrier between the mouth and the genitals) Skills for pleasurable condom, dental dam, and other type of barrier use (e.g., assessing condom fit, placing lube on the inside of the condom or dental dam) How to discuss and engage in alternative types of sex if no condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier is available These examples illustrate why sexuality education must go beyond providing factual information if it is to meaningfully contribute to adolescent sexual health. These examples also demonstrate that effective sexuality education for adolescents will focus on helping students develop relationship communication skills. Indeed, surveys of students indicate that they want sexuality education to include topics such as \"building equal romantic relationships\", \"sexual decision- making in dating relationships\", \"dealing with peer pressure to be sexually active\", and \"communicating about sex\" . Unfortunately, however, most school-based sexuality education programs fail to adequately address these topics. Key Point In order to effectively contribute to adolescent sexual health, sexuality education programs must include a focus on the development of relationship and communication skills. In Module 13 we will we will look at the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education in more detail and explore how the IMB model can be used to develop, implement, and evaluate sexual health programming for a wide variety different groups and objectives. Barrett, M. . Sexuality education in Canadian schools: an overview in 1994. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 3, 199-225. Daley, D. . Exclusive purpose: abstinence-only proponents create federal entitlement in welfare reform. SIECUS Report, 25(4), 3-7. McKay, A. Byers, E.S., Voyer, S.D., Humphreys, T.P., Markham, c. . Ontario parents' opinions and attitudes towards sexual health education in the schools. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 23, (3), 159-166. Public Health Agency of Canada. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Edu
Apr 06 08:15:06 raspberrypi node[7671]: cation Council of Canada. . Rotermann, M. . Sexual behaviour and condom use of 15- to 24-year-olds in 2003 and 2009 2010. Health Reports, 23, (1), 1-5. Thompson, R. . Moral rhetoric and public health pragmatism: the recent politics of sex education. Feminist Review, 48, 40-60. Wood, J., McKay, A., Wentland, J. and Byers, E, S.. . Attitudes towards sexual health education in schools: A national survey of parents in Canada. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 30 (1), 19-31. Zabin, L. and Howard, S. . Adolescent Sexual Behavior and Childbearing. Newbury Park, CA: Sage publications. Reading Required Reading Human Sexuality in a World of Diversity, 7th Canadian Edition, Chapter 12 (Read only LO 12.2 Adolescent Sexuality) and Chapter 15. for Further Research (Essay Assignments) SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada.","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:48:33.257Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:03.334Z"},{"id":152,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 9 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 9 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/0b1a01a2-3cea-46c6-b7bd-73b243d9759e","contentType":"application/pdf","size":284420,"folder":"week-9-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:49:21.351Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:05.152Z"},{"id":153,"originalName":"Units 3,6 - 3,13.pdf","displayName":"Units 3,6 - 3,13.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/327b5e57-cfed-47d3-9d69-f00c2944729a","contentType":"application/pdf","size":9176641,"folder":"week-10-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:09.835Z"},{"id":154,"originalName":"Units 3,14 - 3,16.pdf","displayName":"Units 3,14 - 3,16.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/54eac3b0-bb7b-4a9d-badb-07cc700543c3","contentType":"application/pdf","size":9821103,"folder":"week-11-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:14.595Z"},{"id":155,"originalName":"Units 2,1 - 2,6.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,1 - 2,6.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/411fdc02-bea4-4fd7-a8d1-959a722657d0","contentType":"application/pdf","size":8837554,"folder":"week-5-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:21.464Z"},{"id":156,"originalName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/9b1643d4-0bb3-4db8-bffb-2233a9123b05","contentType":"application/pdf","size":3320970,"folder":"week-5-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:24.695Z"},{"id":157,"originalName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/da91c54c-987a-4acc-819c-edbc0225c39b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":3320971,"folder":"week-6-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:27.219Z"},{"id":158,"originalName":"Units 2,10 - 2,12.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,10 - 2,12.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CASL101 - American Sign Language/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Module/Units 2,10 - 2,12.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":9046130,"folder":"week-7-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:30.517Z"},{"id":159,"originalName":"Units 3,1 - 3,5.pdf","displayName":"Units 3,1 - 3,5.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/2acd804e-93dd-4855-b59e-76dd8721e586","contentType":"application/pdf","size":4158918,"folder":"week-9-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:33.343Z"},{"id":160,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 5 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 5 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 5 - Feb 7-13/Module/CPPA122, Module 5 - Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":0,"folder":"week-5-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":29,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Last week you watched a short video that talked about the Roles and Responsibilities of Elected Officials . It emphasized the importance of a good and respectful relationship between the mayor, councillors, and staff. We will continue our look at the structures and machinery of local government this week with a focus on the municipal administration (or public service) and municipal agencies, boards, and commissions (or special purpose bodies). Both connect in key ways with the political governance machinery of municipalities that was discussed last week. The module will also look at municipal accountability officers, who are part of the machinery of government but independent Topics and Learning Objectives Topics Municipal administration models and influence Accountability structures and officers Agencies, boards, and commissions Learning Objectives By the end of this module, you should be able to: Identify the different municipal administrative structures Assess the nature of the relationship between elected representatives and staff Explain municipal accountability processes and identify key accountability roles provincially established municipal agencies, boards, and commissions Readings Reading Please Note: You can access all non-textbook readings through the One-Stop Course Readings in the Table of Contents in your D2L Brightspace course. Required 1. Lucas, J. . Hidden in plain view: Local agencies, boards, and commissions in Canada. Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. 2. CAMA. (2023, March). The role and significance of the Chief Administrative Officer Position in Canadian A CAMA white paper on Ontario s strong mayor legislation and the pivotal role of the CAO in providing good governance. Canadian Association of Municipal Administrators. 3. Sancton, A. . Accountability officers and integrity in Canadian municipal government. Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. The Bureaucracy The municipal administration is the second component in the machinery of local government. Often referred to as the bureaucracy, this group includes all municipal staff and senior officials who are employed by the municipality. Kernaghan and Siegel define bureaucracy as a form of organization characterized by hierarchical structure, unity of command, hiring and promotion by merit, and specialization of labour . The term bureaucracy can sometimes have a negative connotation that brings to mind images about inefficient public sector employees. It is, however, based on sound principles of public administration and was introduced in an effort to establish fair and consistent decision-making and service and an emphasis on effectiveness. As Tindal . note, there have traditionally been requirements for the establishment of certain statutory officers of the municipality such as treasurer, clerk, or solicitor . While this has been changing over time and there is significant variation across the country, municipalities tend to have some designated, statutory positions. Municipalities are organized based on five basic models of municipal administration: 1. the departmental model, 2. the commissioner or board of management model, 3. the council-manager model, 4. the manager model, and 5. the city manager model. : Early Models Departmental and Board of Management The relationship between council, the administration, and special purpose bodies has evolved over time. The first period of development was from WWII to the 1970s and was characterized by a high degree of integration between municipal councils and the administration. The departmental model and board of management system were prevalent. Special purpose bodies were generally unquestioned. Departmental Model The departmental model was prominent in Canadian municipalities until the mid-1970s. functions and assigned responsibility for a function to an administrative department head. All department heads reported directly to the municipal council, often through a standing committee. Department heads were equal, and each had an independent relationship with the municipal council. Not surprisingly, the model had the tendency to promote the development of bureaucratic empires within departments. Coordination between departments was weak and there was little incentive to integrate policies or services. Commissioner or Board of Management Model The commissioner or board of management model assigns responsibility for the management of the municipality s affairs to a group or board rather than a single city manager. Each commissioner would have responsibility for a group of services for example, all hard services, soft services, corporate administrative services, etc. The group of commissioners, led by the chief administrative officer as a first among equals, would meet regularly to plan and coordinate the operations and management of the municipality. In the past, the mayor may have participated on the board of commissioners or board of management, providing a political- administrative link. 1970s Onward Shifting Models of Administration from the 1970s Onward By the mid-1970s and into the 1980s there was a shift to CAO and city manager models in larger cities. This changed the relationship between senior staff and elected representatives and between departments, which were under pressure to become more administratively integrated and work horizontally across boundaries. In some areas, there was a questioning of the role of special purpose bodies. The 1990s were a time of re-examination in local government that included looking at who does what, examining how it is done, as well as measuring and reorganizing in an effort to find cost savings and efficiencies. Both of these periods of change were influenced by business approaches and principles. There was a sense that governments in general, and local government in particular, were getting too large, were inefficient in delivering services, and had weak internal controls. Tindal . discuss the influence of new public management in local government in Canada and its influence on the organization of local governments. The emphasis on performance and accountability sets these NPM reforms apart from earlier structural changes, and the use of special purpose bodies and board of management and city manager terminology reinforce the desire for more control over government. Municipalities have continued to adapt to ongoing fiscal, downloading, and political pressures by restructuring and refocusing. In general, there has been a reduction in the number of senior officials in municipalities and an emphasis on integration and horizontal linkages within program areas. Municipal administrations are becoming more dynamic, and new approaches to managing issues are being implemented, including service clusters and project teams that involve internal and external stakeholders. Council-Manager Model The council-manager model, popular in the U.S., shifted power from department heads to a strong, central city manager (also called CAO). In this model, the city manager is the only point of contact for the administration with the elected council. Councils in the city-manager system do not usually have standing committees and there is little no interaction between senior staff and councillors. The manager has authority to hire and fire senior staff and exercises strong control over the administration. The city manager also has significant influence over the council, which does not generally have strong operational or program knowledge. While the city manager or CAO is very powerful, they are also very vulnerable, especially in situations of conflict. Sancton notes that there is no Canadian municipality where the full city manager CAO model has been implemented. Many municipalities were reluctant to move to the city manager model because of a fear that the city manager position would be too powerful both in the internal administrative side of the organization and politically in terms of challenges and rivalries with the mayor and members of council. However, Canadian municipalities faced pressures for greater professionalization and a stronger non-political role in managing the municipality. Thus, a modified manager model has become popular. A professional city manager would oversee all administrative activities and departmental functions and report to the municipal council. While the department heads report to the city manager, they also connect with the council through a standing committee structure and have accountability to council through that committee. Council is responsible for hiring the manager and is generally involved in some way in the appointment of senior staff. Chief Administrative Officer Model The chief administrative officer model is a weak or modified form of the city manager model. The CAO would have responsibility for all the administrative areas in the municipality, including finance, clerks, communications, human resources, and legal, but generally, they did not have responsibility for the operating departments that provide services directly to the public. In this model, these departments, such as parks and recreation, transportation, and social services, would be run by a department head or commissioner who would report directly The CAO would not have responsibility or authority for the major services provided by the municipality. City Manager Model In the city manager model, the most senior municipal staff position is the city manager who has responsibility for all municipal administration and service delivery. The city manager reports directly to council. Many authors, including the authors of the course textbook, will use city manager and chief administrative officer interchangeably. It is important to note that there was and still remains a difference in the roles and scope of authority in some municipalities. Preferred Administration Model Today Most municipalities use some form of the city manager or chief administrative officer. This super-bureaucrat plays a key role in the municipal administration and is usually selected and appointed under contract by the municipal council. what the municipality is looking for in its recruitment for a new CAO. Depending on the individual, they may have different types of relationships with the senior staff department heads. Plunkett (as referenced in Tindal ., 2017, 257) describes three types of relationships: Passive the city manager plays a passive role, coordinating and supporting department heads Dominant the manager plays a dominant role, managing and controlling operations and budgets and policy and program recommendations to council Active active relationships are the third type of relationship and are the most common. The city manager will be actively involved with departments in working toward shared priorities and managing the relationship with council. The city manager or CAO has a tough job navigating between the political and administrative and faces high expectations. As described by Canadian CAOs: The CAO is the conduit between governance and employees having that sensibility around making the politics work and the business work. (StrategyCorp, 2019, 53) Being a CAO is about knowing how to live in the political world while keeping one foot firmly in the administrative world. (StrategyCorp, 2018, 36) Municipal issues are complex and interconnected, and there is constant pressure for both innovation and efficiency. Municipalities provide services directly, but they also must manage services that are contracted out or delivered through private-public partnerships or other partnership arrangements. The municipal environment is dynamic because there are multiple stakeholders with competing interests, including the public, property owners (and taxpayers), businesses, developers, nonprofits and charities, the province or territory, and the federal government. Expectations are high. Activity Have a look at the municipal organization charts listed below and or look at municipalities you are familiar with, have visited, or have lived in, and look for their organization chart on their website. It can sometimes be difficult to find you may need to look under city services, city hall, or a similar broad heading. Here are a handful to get you started: Management structure Kamloops, British Columbia is a city of about 100,000 people. It is part of the Thompson-Nicola Regional District. Organization chart City of Greater Sudbury, Ontario has 161,000 people. Corporate organization chart City of Brampton in Peel Region has a population of over 600,000 people. Organization chart City of Toronto, population of more than 2.7 million people. Reflection 1. What do the charts tell you about the structure of the administration? 2. Which model best describes each of the municipal structures? 3. Based on your knowledge of the municipality and the council, do you think that the model is a good fit? Bureaucratic Influence Bureaucrats are expected to be unbiased, objective, and nonpartisan. Nonetheless, by virtue of their position, expertise, and experience, they exert varying degrees of influence on what municipal government does and how it is done. Senior officials have the most significant influence. While elected members of council vote on policies and programs, the senior bureaucrat plays a critical role in advising the members and implementing their decisions. reports to the standing committees (and sometimes directly to council) about issues, programs, funding, or new policies. Sometimes they are asked by these committees or by council to prepare a report on an issue; other times, they take the initiative and propose a new program or policy or a change to an existing policy. They answer questions, provide information at the committee meeting, and explain why they feel the item should be approved. Once a decision has been made, they are responsible for implementing the decision. There is usually some discretion involved in implementation or policy enforcement, and the senior staff can influence the implementation. Elected councillors rely heavily on senior staff. Councillors are often part-time and rarely have the background, education, or experience in the service areas. They are responsible for a wide range of services they cannot be experts in all the service areas and they come to rely on the knowledgeable and experienced senior staff for advice and direction. Often senior staff have an opinion or perspective on the issue, and their advice is influenced by their staff s perspective on the issue. The non-parliamentary nature of council politics reinforces the influence of the bureaucracy. Political parties usually develop position statements on key policy issues these statements guide the politicians while in office. When they are elected, their platform provides guidance to the bureaucrats concerning priorities and policy directions. As previously discussed, there is no formal party politics at the municipal level, and the municipal election does not create a clear mandate for staff to follow. This discussion is not meant to suggest that senior bureaucrats run the show at municipal council. Rather, it is to illustrate their influence on the machinery of local government and decision-making processes. Accountability Structures and Officers Municipalities may also include one or more independent accountability officers. These roles have been added by municipal councils over the last 20 years as independent officers reporting directly to council. While these officers are employees of the municipality, they are not part of the bureaucracy or administration. They instead focus on distinct functions related to accountability integrity; ethics; complaints; lobbying; stewardship of resources; and open, accessible decision-making. A municipal government must act in the best interest of its community members. councillors are elected by voters and are accountable and responsive to them. But elections are every four years, and accountability is muddied by factors such as poor memory; lack of information; fragmented service and funding structures and program partnerships; and contracting out. We will explore issues of municipal accountability later in the Module 10 discussion of municipal relationships with the public. In addition to accountability through elections, some provinces and territories have provided the option in provincial municipal acts for municipalities to pass bylaws to add formal accountability functions to their municipality. For example, the 2 Ontario Municipal Act gave municipalities the authority to appoint accountability officers. In other cases, provinces have required municipalities to add or arrange for specific accountability functions. Some of the specific accountability functions are described in the following tabs and include: : Integrity Commissioner Integrity commissioners are concerned with the ethical behaviour of elected councillors and the mayor, administer the code of conduct, and provide advice to members of council about potential conflict of interest or ethical issues. Integrity commissioners have authority over municipal councils and municipal agencies, boards, and commissions. Did You Know? Toronto created the first full-time municipal integrity commissioner in 2004 following the Bellamy Inquiry into a computer leasing scandal, which is discussed in the readings for this week. Calgary appointed an integrity commissioner in 2016 with dual integrity and ethics advisory responsibility. A municipal ombudsman is an independent officer who reviews actions and decisions taken by municipal councils and their agencies, boards, and commissions. Ombudsman functions have authority to investigate complaints from the public and to initiate investigations when they feel they are warranted. The exceptions are policy decisions and financial matters (which are the responsibility of the auditor general). The City of Montreal established an ombudsman in 2002. Ontario municipalities can establish their own independent officers or choose to be covered by the Ontario ombudsman. The Ontario ombudsman has authority to review decisions of municipal ombudspersons, except for those of the Toronto officer. Halifax, Winnipeg, and Vancouver are required to have ombudsman functions by their respective provincial legislation. Auditor General A municipal auditor general is different from the internally focused municipal auditor that is part of the municipal administration and reports through a committee of council. The independent auditor general reports directly to council and helps municipal councils be accountable for the stewardship of public funds and resources. Toronto is the only Ontario municipality required, in the 2 City of Toronto Act, to have an independent auditor general. Some municipalities have moved to integrate the auditor general and internal audit functions: Winnipeg changed the responsibilities for their auditor general to include internal audit functions in 2009 as have Hamilton, Calgary, and Edmonton. British Columbia appointed a provincial auditor general in 2012 to provide the independent review function for municipalities in that province. Lobbyist Registrar Registration A lobbyist registration system requires lobbyists to register with the municipality and to comply with municipal rules, processes, and codes of conduct. Lobbyists generally must register each interaction with municipal representatives, identifying who they lobbied and why. The cities of Toronto and Hamilton have independent lobbyist registrars with responsibility for administering the process. When it was set up, Toronto s lobbyist registration was voluntary, but it was subsequently changed to mandatory. The City of Ottawa has combined the integrity commissioner and lobbyist registrar function. The City of Winnipeg originally established an integrity commissioner but expanded the role to include lobbyist registrar before the first official was appointed in early 2017. Closed Meeting Investigator Municipal acts use terms like open, transparent, and accountable to describe municipal decision-making processes. This legislation sets out strict parameters for municipalities to meet in camera in meetings that are closed to the public. The closed meeting investigator reviews municipalities to ensure that they are functioning in accordance with the closed meeting rules. The British Columbia provincial ombudsman investigates closed municipal meetings; in Ontario, the provincial ombudsman does the same, except for Toronto and Ottawa, which have independent closed meeting investigators. Accountability officers provide advice and make recommendations to municipal councils, who, in turn, have the authority to make decisions on the issues and impose any penalties or sanctions. Accountability officers have limited formal authority, but considerable power to influence public opinion (Sancton, 2017, 1). Their independence and public reports provide valuable information to municipal voters and community members. Pause and Reflect Examine your municipalities website. Does it talk about accountability to the community and voters? Does the municipality have accountability officers? If not, does it provide information for community members about how to access provincial officers who provide oversight on municipal decisions and actions? Is the information easy to find and clearly communicated? Do a bit more digging to learn if your municipality has had issues related to accountability. If so, what role did accountability officers play in investigating and resolving the issue? What Are Special Purpose Bodies and What Do They Do? In addition to municipalities, there are a number of other decision-making service delivery bodies at the municipal level known as special purpose bodies or agencies, boards, and commissions that are part of local government. Tindal . estimate that there are about 8,000 municipal special purpose bodies in Canada that control significant resources. I n many Canadian cities, more than a third of the city s operating budget is handed over to special-purpose bodies every year. (Lucas, 2013, 2) Examples include transit commissions, police services boards, hydro commissions, heritage boards, and conservation authorities. Key Point Special purpose bodies are assigned specific responsibility for a purpose or mandate; their role and powers vary depending on their area of focus. These bodies differ greatly in their role and membership. Some have service delivery responsibility while others have service delivery and policy-making powers. Special purpose bodies generally have jurisdictional boundaries that reflect municipal boundaries or the boundaries of a group of municipalities. They have a degree of autonomy from the municipal government and can be created by municipal bylaw or imposed by a province or territory through legislation. Agencies, boards, and commissions are controlled by independent boards that include elected municipal representatives, municipal appointees, provincial appointees, or a mix of each. Funding arrangements also vary they can t impose taxes and often impose user charges. They may receive significant funding from the municipal government or provincial grants. In some cases the municipality will have authority to approve the agency, board, or commission budget because it is integrated into the municipal budget; in other cases it can either approve or reject (but not adjust) the budget; and in other cases, it has no control over the budget. Why Do We Have Special Purpose Bodies? During the early reform phases (discussed in Module 2), provinces deliberately established municipal special purpose bodies to transfer power away from the municipalities to bodies that were composed of provincial appointees (e.g., the Ontario Railway and Municipal Board established in 1906). This served to undermine local democracy by taking power from locally elected representatives and giving it to provincially appointed individuals. In 1977, John Robarts, previous premier of Ontario, headed up a royal commission reviewing the municipal government in the city of Toronto s two-tier metro system. Robarts wrote: The province exercises control over many local services by delegating the responsibility for them not to councils but to special purpose bodies and further that they appear to be sub- units of provincial administration rather than units of local government administration (Ontario, 1977, 96 and 99). This tension continues with each appointment to a provincially designated municipal special purpose body. Provincially established special purpose bodies still serve to disperse decision-making about municipal services and weaken municipal councils. Municipalities have established special purpose bodies, most recently as part of new public management initiatives to move municipalities out of the business of and position them as policy makers, steering the municipality. Municipalities established new corporations and delegated responsibility to them for programs, and they established new bodies with other municipalities to manage joint programs. Municipal special purpose bodies are established by municipalities to serve municipal interests. Many of these organizations are formally incorporated, like the Toronto Transit Commission , Toronto Community Housing, and the Toronto Zoo. The municipality is the sole shareholder of the organization and sets the terms, conditions, and mandate for the special purpose body. Ontario municipalities have a number of other municipal bodies, established in response to provincial legislation and requirements, that vary in the level of control and influence in the municipality. For example, school boards are directly funded by and accountable to the Ontario government, yet school board representatives are directly elected in municipal elections. Police service boards and public health boards include some municipally elected representatives and appointed citizen members. Police boards also include provincially appointed members. Inter-municipal Agencies, Boards, or Commissions Sometimes municipalities work together to form organizations like the Association of Municipalities of Ontario , the Association of Manitoba Municipalities , or the Federation of Municipalities of Canada . Alternatively, they may collaborate with municipal neighbours by establishing an agency to address issues of joint concern. Provincially Established Municipal Special Purpose Bodies Many special purpose bodies are mandated by the province or territory. This means that there is legislation that assigns responsibility for the service to an agency, board, or commission established by the province or territory. Here are three Ontario-based examples to illustrate different types of provincially established municipal special purpose bodies. : Police Services Boards Ontario In Ontario, the Police Services Act requires the establishment of a police services board in every municipality that has a police force. The legislation describes the role, membership, and appointment of local police services boards. Boards of three, five, or seven members are required, depending on population size. The police services board in Toronto includes the mayor, two councillors, three provincial appointees, and one citizen appointee. The police chief is accountable to the board, and the board is accountable to the community as well as to the Ontario Civilian In 2019, the City of Toronto estimated that the average property owner, with a property tax of 3,020, would contribute 703.21 toward the cost of policing . Even though the City of Toronto has to raise the money to pay for policing through the property tax, they do not direct the police force or set policing policy, with three of seven votes on the police services board. Metrolinx Metrolinx is a provincial agency that was originally established as the Greater Toronto Transit Authority and included members from municipal councils in the Greater Toronto area. The GTTA was changed to Metrolinx in 2006 and given responsibility for regional transportation planning, developing a unified regional transit fare system, procurement, and duties including development and construction related to the regional transportation system. Metrolinx s 15-member board of directors is appointed by the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario on behalf of Ontario. There are no elected members of council from any of the municipalities in the Metrolinx catchment area on the board of directors, even though some of them operate municipal transit programs. The provincial agency makes decisions that have implications for municipal transit operators. For example, Metrolinx is rolling out a common electronic payment system, called Presto, across the partner transit systems. Each transit operator is concerned about a negative impact of this system on their operations. The TTC, Toronto s transit provider, published the results of a study that the TTC had lost revenues of about 4.2 M as a result of the Toronto roll-out of the payment system. In addition, Metrolinx s responsibility for transit planning and decisions about investment in new transit have implications for municipal economic development and growth. Decisions about new GO stations (a regional transit service) or frequency of transit service can influence the shape of municipalities. Metrolinx provides an example of a provincially established ABC that integrates and plans for regions (including municipalities) without decision-making involvement of the elected officials from those municipalities. You have read about the Ontario Municipal Board in earlier modules. Other provinces have similar independent oversight bodies established to monitor and make some decisions related to municipalities. The OMB was established in 1906 as the Ontario Railway and Municipal Board to oversee the finances of municipalities and supervise the railways, which were, at the time, the main source of transport between municipalities. Eventually, the OMB gained more responsibility to adjudicate in cases of dispute related to some regulations, planning, and development. Interestingly, it has retained authority to approve municipal borrowing for capital expenditures for all Ontario municipalities! The OMB was controversial in its role as the appeal body in the case of a dispute over a municipal decision. It was used most frequently to challenge decisions regarding zoning and planning matters, but Module 4 described how a councillor appealed to the OMB regarding the decision on Toronto ward boundaries. In 2018, Ontario replaced the OMB by giving municipalities the authority to establish independent local planning appeal tribunals in accordance with provincial legislation. Toronto set up a Toronto Local Planning Appeal Tribunal to assume some of the functions previously provided by the OMB, including appeals on a range of planning and land matters. In 2019, Ontario announced changes to the LPAT process instead of referring appeals back to the municipality for further consideration if the tribunal disagreed with the municipal decision, the LPAT would have the authority to make the final and binding decision. In effect, they were given the powers of the old OMB, which led to widespread criticism of that provincial agency. This is a good example of how agencies can be used and adapted based on political interests in this case, based on provincial interests. Are Special Purpose Bodies Good for Local Government? There is considerable debate whether special purpose bodies are good for local government. Supporters argue that some services, such as policing, may be too sensitive to leave in the hands of elected officials and they appreciate the mixed board structure that includes at least one community representative. Others support the focus and attention to a service area or issue given by a special purpose body and to the assignment of responsibility to appointees with expertise and knowledge of the issue area. Municipalities have wide and broad responsibility. Assigning some of that responsibility to a special purpose agency will bring attention and clear focus to that service and, at the same time, will give municipal councils more time and energy to address their core functions. The result may be more effective and more efficient service delivery. Critics counter that it is undemocratic to take power from elected officials who have been chosen by the public to represent them and assign it to appointed individuals with no direct accountability. Unelected special purpose bodies may not be responsive to public concerns. The existence of so many bodies can lead to confusion among residents about how local government works. Transparency in decision-making processes may vary among municipal agencies, contributing to confusion and concerns about accountability. Similar questions of accountability can be directed to the composition of the boards. Should they include elected or appointed members or both? What about provincial boards established in municipal areas should they include municipal representatives, either elected or appointed? Accountability is also important in funding. Municipalities contribute to many agencies, boards, and commissions but don t always have a say in how the resources are used. Provincially established municipal agencies bring additional benefits and challenges. If the agency crosses municipal boundaries, it has potential to bring attention and leadership to a shared issue of concern. It is possible that a provincially established municipal agency will have access to provincial funds that otherwise wouldn t have been available. Moreover, in situations where there is conflict among municipalities, a provincially established municipal agency may be able to negotiate a resolution. Provincial special purpose bodies are often seen to be a way of weakening local councils and extending provincial control This happens through the establishment of the agency and in the ongoing appointment of provincial nominees to the board of the special purpose body. There is no local accountability for the actions of provincial municipal agencies the accountability is to the province. Community members, confused by municipal agencies and the municipality, will be further confused by the existence of provincially established agencies at the municipal level. As the examples showed, there is potential for conflict and tension about political agendas and priorities and funding. Provincially established municipal agencies reduce scope for municipal decision-making autonomy John Robarts, quoted earlier, recommended that all special purpose bodies be abolished and that responsibility for the issue areas should be given back to municipalities. Pause and Reflect Look again at your municipal website. Does the website identify any municipally established special purpose bodies? If so, what do they do and how do they connect with the municipality? Are there some agencies, boards, and commissions that you know about that aren t listed on the website? Why? What about provincial special purpose bodies? Is there information on the municipal website about them? If not, is it easy to identify them and learn more? Finally, do you think there are more advantages or disadvantages to having municipal special purpose bodies? What about provincially established municipal agencies, boards, and commissions are you pro or con? Summary This module completes our look at the machinery of local government. It showed that municipal councils may be the elected decision-makers in local government, but agencies, boards, and commissions also make important decisions about key municipal services and programs. The module distinguished between municipally and provincially established special purpose bodies that are active at the municipal level and considered the implications for municipal authority and autonomy. Staff support informed decision-making and implement directions from council they too play an important role in shaping and influencing decisions and implementation. The different administrative models show different relationships between senior staff and municipal councils, with implications for authority and influence. The module introduced accountability officers senior staff appointed directly by municipal council who report directly to council. These accountability officers are independent municipal employees and are not part of the administration. Not all municipalities have these functions, but many are covered by officers providing some of the functions at the provincial or territorial level. The machinery of local government is complex and dynamic. It changes over time based on events and actions, our understanding of local government, and the relationships between the elected representatives, the administration, and the agencies, boards, and commissions. The assignment Municipal Decision-Making due at the end of this course week will give you the opportunity to further reflect on the machinery of local government. The municipal administration is a key element of the machinery of local government. The administrative models have evolved over time based on a number of pressures, including the relationship with council. Most municipalities follow a city manager (or CAO) model. The city manager plays an important leadership role in the municipality, straddling the political and administrative and juggling a range of challenging issues. Municipal accountability functions include integrity commissioners, municipal ombudspersons, auditor generals, lobbyist registrars, and closed meeting investigators. These may be internal to the municipality, reporting directly to council and separate from municipal administrations, or provided by the province or territory for all municipalities. Municipal agencies, boards, and commissions play important roles in delivering a range of local services and programs. They can be established by the municipality or by a province or territory to cover one or more municipalities. While there are clear benefits to special purpose bodies, there are also some important challenges related to accountability, transparency, and autonomy. Next week we will begin the first of three modules that examine municipal relationships. will explore intergovernmental relationships municipal relationships with the federal, provincial, and territorial governments. Week 5 Discussion Note: There is no discussion this week to give you additional time to focus on your assignment. However, you are encouraged to share your thoughts on this week s content in the optional Week 5 Discussion area. Were you surprised by any of the content or readings? What did you learn about your local municipality and its administration, accountability officers, or agencies, boards, and commissions? Share your thoughts and comments on one or more of the Pause and Reflect questions in this module. Note: You can access the Discussion Forums and Topics from the Communications menu in your D2L course. Please make sure that your participation in all discussion forums adheres to the Toronto Metropolitan University online etiquette guidelines listed in the Course Outline. Assignment Assignment 1 is due at the end of this course week Friday by p.m. See the Assignments section of the Course Materials area in D2L for details. Couture, J. and Breux, S. . Do responsiveness and accountability matter at the municipal level? In Breux, S. and Couture, J. (Eds.), Accountability and responsiveness at the municipal level: Views from Canada. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen s University Press. Dassonneville, R. . Accountability and responsiveness at the municipal level: Limitations and opportunities. In Breux, S. and Couture, J. (Eds.), Accountability and responsiveness at the municipal level: Views from Canada. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen s University Press. Kernaghan, K. and Siegel, D. . Public administration in Canada, (3rd ed.) (). Toronto: Nelson Canada. Lucas, J. . Hidden in plain view: Local agencies, boards, and commissions in Canada PDF . Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. (1977, June). Report of the Royal Commission on Metropolitan Toronto, volume 2 PDF . . Canadian local government: An urban perspective, (2nd ed.). Don Mills, Ontario: Oxford University Press. Sancton, A. . Accountability officers and integrity in Canadian municipal government PDF . Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. , Lyons, J. and Graham, K. . Local government in practice: Cases in governance, planning, and policy. Toronto: Emond Montgomery Publications, Ltd. Tindal, C. R., Tindal, S. N., Stewart, K. and Smith, P. J. . Local government in Canada, (9th ed.). Scarborough: Nelson Education. Toronto. . How your 2019 tax dollars worked. (2019, September 3). Bill 108: New processes and rules for the Local Planning Appeal Tribunal. ELTO News. Ontario. Retrieved from tribunal","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:57:52.174Z","createdAt":"2026-02-07T08:58:21.142Z"},{"id":161,"originalName":"urban-politics-local-government-in-canada.pdf","displayName":"urban-politics-local-government-in-canada.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 5 - Feb 7-13/Module/urban-politics-local-government-in-canada.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":0,"folder":"week-5-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":6,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Municipal Governing Structureficiency and accountability: these values have been central to the discourse on reforming local governing structures in Canada, and more generally, over the past several decades. For LSE ANU s Peter Self, they are zero-sum related: the more you seek to add to efficiency, the more you detract from the accountability side of the equation, or visa versa. This applies to reform efforts around metropolitan amalgama- tions as in Halifax, Ottawa, or Toronto; it also applies to pressures on local governments to engage in more P3s (public-private partnerships) for the delivery of local services, and it impacts new public management debates about reforms to municipal governing structures. Many of the governing models used over recent years and the phi- losophies underlying them have focused more on efficiency and coor- dination in the delivery of services to the relative neglect of the political, representative, and accountability aspects that are (or should be) equally a concern of municipal governments. Self has called this efficiency- accountability dilemma the question in all of public administration.1 Introduction An examination of how municipalities are governed logically starts with their internal governing machinery, and particularly the way councils and staff are organized and interrelate. A number of different governing structures have been found in Canada s municipalities over the years, each with particular strengths or shortcomings. Institutional structure is 1 Peter Self, Administrative Theories and Politics, London, UK: Allen and Unwin, 1977, 79. Municipal Governing Structures 225 important because it is the vehicle through which the basic purposes and values a society wishes to pursue through local government are carried out. It is thus presumed that institutions matter that political and policy outcomes will diffe
Apr 06 08:15:06 raspberrypi node[7671]: r as institutional structure differs. 2 A number of variations on the basic municipal structure have been introduced over the years. These institutional reforms have usually been a response to changes in the prevailing values and roles associated with municipal government and, in turn, the new structures arising from the reforms have their own impacts on the local level and the distribution of power within it. As will become evident, much of that impact tended to affect adversely the representative, political, and accountability aspects of In recent years, the focus has shifted from municipal institutions to new governing arrangements that increasingly extend to organizations and operations outside formal municipal structure. This broader focus reflects the growing appreciation of the distinction between govern- ment and governance, a distinction briefly introduced in Chapter 1 and referred to several times since.3 Government refers to the formal institu- tions of the state, election arrangements, and decision-making processes. Governance is a broader term that refers to the relationships between the formal institutions of government and civil society.4 Governance is more flexible (and less well defined) and can embrace a wide variety of rela- tionships. Local government, therefore, refers to democratically elected In contrast, local governance encompasses these governing structures as well as other public, private, and voluntary bodies that are harnessed to address com- munity needs. Some view the concept of local governance as little more than a device for shifting responsibilities from local governments to the private and voluntary sectors a means of offloading expenditures or providing an opening for private companies to pick up business. A more positive view is that local governance is not a replacement for local government but an additional mechanism for achieving broader cooperation and coordination 2 Harold Wolman, Local Government Institutions and Democratic Governance, in David Judge, Gerry Stoker, and Harold Wolman, Theories of Urban Politics, London, UK: Sage Publications, 1995, . 3 The discussion of terms that follows is an amalgam of definitions and comparisons provided by Robin Hambleton, Hank V. Savitch, and Murray Stewart (eds.), Globalism and Local Democracy, London, UK: Palgrave Publishers Ltd., 2002, 51; H.V. Savitch and Paul Kantor, Cities in the International Marketplace, Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2002, 30; and Mario Pol se and Richard Stren (eds.), The Social Sustainability of Cities, Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 2000, 20. 4 For a relatively recent discussion of civil society aspects, see Peter McKinlay, Who Builds Civil Society, MDL Monthly Insights, Auckland, New Zealand, July 2015. at the local level. More insights into the nature of local governance will be provided in the next two chapters. The Machinery of Municipal Government Before venturing into the larger and less distinct world of local gover- nance, let s begin with the machinery of local government. More spe- cifically, we will examine the machinery of municipal government not including the structures that may be found amongst the wide variety of agencies, boards, and commissions that form part of local government. On the surface, this approach sounds quite straightforward, and the basic structure of municipal government is certainly simpler than that found at the provincial and federal levels, with their separate executive and legislative branches. There aren t separate branches of government at the municipal level; responsibilities are concentrated in the elected council and are carried out by appointed staff who are mostly organized into a number of functionally specialized departments. he powers assigned to a municipality are exercised on behalf of its resi- dents and ratepayers by a council elected by them. Provincial legislation usually includes provisions for the form of council and such details as the number of councillors and whether election is by general vote (at-large) or by ward (a distinction discussed below). legislation passed in most provinces over the past decade (and discussed in Chapter 6) often gives municipalities somewhat more discretion with respect to such matters. Municipal councils consist of a head (known as warden or chair in counties and other upper-tier governments; mayor in cities and towns; and reeve, chair, or overseer in villages and townships) and a widely varying number of councillors. While the total membership varies greatly, there has been a tendency to have small councils of from 5 to 15 members, largely on the grounds that a small group is less unwieldy and more efficient in making decisions with the more recent exceptions being amalgamated megacities such as Toronto. Members of council are expected to represent the local community and act on its behalf although that role is not nearly as simple or straightforward as it sounds, as discussed below. They also exercise a policy-making role through which they determine services and service levels, approve budgets, enact rules and regulations, and generally shape the local community and the quality of life within it. A third general role of councillors is managerial (for want of a better term), and it involves Chapter 8 Municipal Governing Structures 227 providing an oversight of municipal operations to ensure that policies are implemented as intended, funds are expended as authorized, and pro- grams are delivered efficiently and effectively. This local politician civic staff relationship is sometimes a bit more nuanced, with suggestions that permanent professional staff can at times have more policy sway than is generally understood.5 THE REPRESENTATIVE ROLE OF MEMBERS OF COUNCIL The roles of councillors in making policy and overseeing implementation of policy by municipal staff receive a good deal of emphasis and will be explored in a subsequent section on council-staff relations. But it is a con- sistent theme of this text that the representative role of municipal govern- ment is most important, and it is the elected members of council who fulfill this role, well or poorly. The longstanding bias in favour of small councils makes it more likely that they will not represent adequately the diversity of the population. Relatively small councils are even found in many of Canada s largest municipalities. For example, Vancouver has a mayor and 10 councillors, and Edmonton has had 12 councillors (plus a mayor) since","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:58:10.738Z","createdAt":"2026-02-10T03:10:04.603Z"},{"id":162,"originalName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","displayName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/1a42fa1a-3b82-4621-aeeb-ae620c6fdb53","contentType":"application/pdf","size":100000,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-03-11T05:15:59.835Z"},{"id":163,"originalName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","displayName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/c61a1211-2108-40b5-9e53-49cf79005873","contentType":"application/pdf","size":308370,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-03-11T05:16:14.998Z"},{"id":164,"originalName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","displayName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/7de368e1-9d53-44d2-b81c-d20991691281","contentType":"application/pdf","size":308370,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":6,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:09:26.723Z","createdAt":"2026-03-11T05:16:25.339Z"},{"id":172,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/83188d9a-4120-478c-b387-c23051c5b8cd","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:09:54.997Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T13:03:33.762Z"},{"id":173,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/57d12a66-8c56-4b7f-b4e8-4df3a0d40a33","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:10:23.572Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T14:06:12.499Z"},{"id":174,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/47e96bc5-8ec6-4837-987f-48fc09a13418","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:11:02.552Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:24:53.108Z"},{"id":175,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/5743ffaf-6721-49d7-b709-9f46cda93e0f","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:11:31.314Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:27:51.475Z"},{"id":176,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/da551f22-fd31-4a74-bf0a-1aeb550595b2","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:12:06.028Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:34:38.528Z"},{"id":177,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/4af7b3d8-fd79-46b8-b2fe-309ab2d25307","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:12:30.159Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:57:12.465Z"},{"id":178,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/786bffb0-ae6f-4957-a3a1-8f1b52651841","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:12:55.022Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T18:11:58.132Z"},{"id":179,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/cb202050-59b0-4ae4-8979-ba1079138a26","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:13:19.274Z","createdAt":"2026-04-05T00:26:35.479Z"}]
Apr 06 08:15:07 raspberrypi node[7671]: [Cat Lights] Fire Stick immersive mode set
Apr 06 08:15:07 raspberrypi node[7671]: [Cat Lights] ====== TV SETUP COMPLETE ======
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]: 8:15:08 AM [express] GET /api/files/122 304 in 2ms :: {"id":122,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 12 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 12 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/ec400fb6-174b-44f7-be69-701c27d4583e","contentType":"application/pdf","size":206058,"folder":"week-12-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:28:52.999Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:05.386Z"}
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]: 8:15:08 AM [express] GET /api/files 304 in 18ms :: [{"id":92,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 1 - Welcome.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 1 - Welcome.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/8dbf73fc-9cc2-45d3-bfa9-166b64d9b598","contentType":"application/pdf","size":380949,"folder":"week-1-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T22:15:02.641Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.843Z"},{"id":93,"originalName":"A Citizen's Guide to Government.pdf","displayName":"A Citizen's Guide to Government.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/92c68aff-ae80-438e-8ece-c33dd1647630","contentType":"application/pdf","size":617534,"folder":"week-1-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T22:15:25.184Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.879Z"},{"id":94,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 2 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 2 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/d2596e74-c454-4d29-9b77-e0a14e060957","contentType":"application/pdf","size":292550,"folder":"week-2-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T22:16:50.085Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.893Z"},{"id":95,"originalName":"156CBA1A.pdf","displayName":"156CBA1A.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/b1e539de-a397-454e-8912-e97df6f4feaf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1016087,"folder":"week-2-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T22:17:25.919Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.897Z"},{"id":96,"originalName":"156C823F.pdf","displayName":"156C823F.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/35d6e9ef-f8fc-46dc-88b7-0d441307862d","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1348962,"folder":"week-2-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:07:43.423Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.900Z"},{"id":97,"originalName":"44320906-Supplementary.pdf","displayName":"44320906-Supplementary.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/7fbb3260-4e04-4578-8a79-207c29f64fa8","contentType":"application/pdf","size":630516,"folder":"week-3-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:56:07.949Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.903Z"},{"id":98,"originalName":"AM.OrgCdnLocGovt.Spicer.pdf","displayName":"AM.OrgCdnLocGovt.Spicer.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/b12aa8b5-4ca0-4b01-9b07-7b7b919157e1","contentType":"application/pdf","size":414847,"folder":"week-3-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:57:46.332Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.906Z"},{"id":99,"originalName":"IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf","displayName":"IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/eb371306-ee4d-4920-b911-160bd535d8e1","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1177012,"folder":"week-3-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:03:00.643Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.909Z"},{"id":100,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 3 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 3 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/fb73649f-402b-4dbe-834e-8b165e2c0535","contentType":"application/pdf","size":385275,"folder":"week-3-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:04:44.357Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.913Z"},{"id":101,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 4 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 4 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/c9c4ca26-78c8-4ae3-a87c-27e10a589c8d","contentType":"application/pdf","size":425452,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:14:53.103Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:25.399Z"},{"id":102,"originalName":"156CB68A.pdf","displayName":"156CB68A.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f59bdef1-881c-4675-85a8-254f3cb381cb","contentType":"application/pdf","size":36568383,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:31:50.191Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:33.475Z"},{"id":103,"originalName":"62263157-c416-47a7-8207-8eab759500b8.pdf","displayName":"62263157-c416-47a7-8207-8eab759500b8.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/ff53516a-12b1-455e-96f8-09006e1cf409","contentType":"application/pdf","size":6452348,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:33:37.422Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:35.247Z"},{"id":104,"originalName":"CherylN.CollierJonat_2024_ThePoliticsofOntarioSecondEdition.pdf","displayName":"CherylN.CollierJonat_2024_ThePoliticsofOntarioSecondEdition.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/e874a987-a00a-41cd-98ba-f729939621af","contentType":"application/pdf","size":7520151,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:37.134Z"},{"id":105,"originalName":"Municipal 101 _ AMO.pdf","displayName":"Municipal 101 _ AMO.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/711220c1-57b0-4c5b-bb0f-a5c3d9f52c67","contentType":"application/pdf","size":2030200,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:33:49.054Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:37.881Z"},{"id":106,"originalName":"shaping-the-metropolis-institutions-and-urbanization-in-the-united-states-and-canada-9780773558427_compress.pdf","displayName":"shaping-the-metropolis-institutions-and-urbanization-in-the-united-states-and-canada-9780773558427_compress.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/ef3ef143-8b2a-4402-8c01-9c78e0134afd","contentType":"application/pdf","size":15409717,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:54:34.365Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:41.249Z"},{"id":107,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 4 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 4 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/672a0f2a-8c22-4bc3-90e4-5c349bd41db5","contentType":"application/pdf","size":388310,"folder":"week-4-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:15:30.446Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:44.758Z"},{"id":108,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 10 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 10 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/2996dc2e-98fa-4b52-984c-fbfd30b89172","contentType":"application/pdf","size":823471,"folder":"week-10-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:36:04.182Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:55.642Z"},{"id":109,"originalName":"156CBEBA.pdf","displayName":"156CBEBA.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/826861c9-1ba7-4d6c-97d3-3c4091d1b746","contentType":"application/pdf","size":157835,"folder":"week-10-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:37:57.524Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:56.703Z"},{"id":110,"originalName":"26929898.pdf","displayName":"26929898.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/5a5ae8b3-7dcd-41be-9e48-5327ab539ee8","contentType":"application/pdf","size":446851,"folder":"week-10-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:39:53.180Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:57.149Z"},{"id":111,"originalName":"AUMA-UP42-ResPapr-CommEngageLocalComm.Jones_.Oct11.pdf","displayName":"AUMA-UP42-ResPapr-CommEngageLocalComm.Jones_.Oct11.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/be91187e-1ce7-463a-b0b0-a73983a9e0e3","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1589636,"folder":"week-10-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:40:56.202Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:57.807Z"},{"id":112,"originalName":"The Paradox of Participation_ An Overview of Public Participation and Local Government in Canada_26_01_13_02_25_03.pdf","displayName":"The Paradox of Participation_ An Overview of Public Participation and Local Government in Canada_26_01_13_02_25_03.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/53419818-5369-4c94-8ef6-193f9217562b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":386373,"folder":"week-10-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:42:35.328Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:58.112Z"},{"id":113,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 11 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 11 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f379c837-f786-42ca-a852-b8cd955d189c","contentType":"application/pdf","size":554604,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:31:25.697Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:59.572Z"},{"id":114,"originalName":"156CBA19.pdf","displayName":"156CBA19.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/392dc22a-29b3-4485-87b4-c08a9a56f2e8","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1315608,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:31:42.640Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:00.687Z"},{"id":115,"originalName":"ANALYSIS_ Potential impact of tariffs on municipalities _ Alberta Municipalities.pdf","displayName":"ANALYSIS_ Potential impact of tariffs on municipalities _ Alberta Municipalities.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/e627d784-77d3-4f4e-838e-598c6ee44482","contentType":"application/pdf","size":177099,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:31:46.471Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:00.990Z"},{"id":116,"originalName":"Canadian municipalities continue leading the tariff fight - Municipal World.pdf","displayName":"Canadian municipalities continue leading the tariff fight - Municipal World.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/75a88595-9c02-40a9-aedf-54558fa991ae","contentType":"application/pdf","size":2841411,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:02.767Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:01.997Z"},{"id":117,"originalName":"Let’s empower municipalities, too often the little siblings of federalism.pdf","displayName":"Let’s empower municipalities, too often the little siblings of federalism.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/ccd54832-0b9f-4c69-bb58-d48fe6d28028","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1183647,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:15.897Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:02.519Z"},{"id":118,"originalName":"Municipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond_ Part One - StrategyCorp.pdf","displayName":"Municipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond_ Part One - StrategyCorp.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/82e13a3b-2af8-4631-8c23-668fe2c78962","contentType":"application/pdf","size":180293,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:30.176Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:02.827Z"},{"id":119,"originalName":"Municipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond_ Part Two - StrategyCorp.pdf","displayName":"Municipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond_ Part Two - StrategyCorp.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/098fb2b1-395e-415d-990c-dde51914f972","contentType":"application/pdf","size":140661,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:44.874Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:03.127Z"},{"id":120,"originalName":"out.pdf","displayName":"out.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/07d6da59-b38a-4996-bb42-9dddb920533d","contentType":"application/pdf","size":246983,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:55.543Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:03.464Z"},{"id":121,"originalName":"PUBLIC OPINION RESEARCH REPORT.pdf","displayName":"PUBLIC OPINION RESEARCH REPORT.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/1bf23ae2-e9ef-4cf9-8ad9-d5714ff70b4e","contentType":"application/pdf","size":542701,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:03.833Z"},{"id":122,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 12 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 12 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/ec400fb6-174b-44f7-be69-701c27d4583e","contentType":"application/pdf","size":206058,"folder":"week-12-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:28:52.999Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:05.386Z"},{"id":123,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 13 - End of the Course.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 13 - End of the Course.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/7ece3e5c-59db-4494-abb8-44ccd363bbcc","contentType":"application/pdf","size":55346,"folder":"week-13-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:57.001Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:08.082Z"},{"id":125,"originalName":"CAMA Strong Mayors White Paper - Final English - March 23 2023_0.pdf","displayName":"CAMA Strong Mayors White Paper - Final English - March 23 2023_0.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f9ac0724-8b81-4542-bedf-c5cb82b681e0","contentType":"application/pdf","size":629122,"folder":"week-5-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:16.547Z"},{"id":126,"originalName":"imfg_perspectives_4_hidden_in_plain_view_lucas_2013.pdf","displayName":"imfg_perspectives_4_hidden_in_plain_view_lucas_2013.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/a7ef7d96-ea9d-4c19-9b4f-81ea016e3c03","contentType":"application/pdf","size":5695496,"folder":"week-5-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:40:30.986Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:18.397Z"},{"id":127,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 6 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 6 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/16e801dd-fb6f-4e40-82d8-fe8f93926690","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1111109,"folder":"week-6-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:33:41.627Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:20.410Z"},{"id":128,"originalName":"Can Public Adm - 2023 - Eidelman - How do municipal mayors and councillors communicate with other levels of government .pdf","displayName":"Can Public Adm - 2023 - Eidelman - How do municipal mayors and councillors communicate with other levels of government .pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/17b6322c-7d64-4b36-9a1f-f97aed328120","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1051487,"folder":"week-6-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:36:07.370Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:21.604Z"},{"id":129,"originalName":"Canadian Geographer   Le g ographe canadien - 2022 - Gibson - Do more  with less  The realities of local government in.pdf","displayName":"Canadian Geographer   Le g ographe canadien - 2022 - Gibson - Do more  with less  The realities of local government in.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/46ebc201-de83-499b-bdb2-de414bb06b73","contentType":"application/pdf","size":256687,"folder":"week-6-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:38:20.135Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:21.966Z"},{"id":130,"originalName":"How to get cities out of their constitutional straitjacket.pdf","displayName":"How to get cities out of their constitutional straitjacket.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/59e254a7-1438-4a96-87a5-17ae89fb6c42","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1149679,"folder":"week-6-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:38:51.208Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:22.591Z"},{"id":131,"originalName":"What we expect from regional and city governments is increasingly out of step with their powers _ CBC News.pdf","displayName":"What we expect from regional and city governments is increasingly out of step with their powers _ CBC News.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/48c54875-ab54-4e14-bc7d-d2a7cc92e96b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1759893,"folder":"week-6-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:39:02.607Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:23.320Z"},{"id":132,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 7 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 7 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Module/CPPA122, Module 7 - Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":605654,"folder":"week-7-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":49,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"This week we will look at the increasingly important relationship that municipalities have with Indigenous governments and peoples. With their capacity to bring the national reconciliation effort home to the local level, municipalities are not only critical partners. They have the capacities to be leaders in reconciliation through an authentic and inclusive dialogue with indigenous peoples and governments. (Vizina and Wilson, 2019, 11) Nearly 5 of Canada s population identified as Aboriginal in the 2 Census. The census reported that the growth rate was higher, and that the Aboriginal population was younger, than the non-Aboriginal population one-third of the First Nations population was 14 years or younger (Statistics Canada, 2017). Source: Toronto Metropolitan University, adapted from Aboriginal peoples in Canada: Key results from the 2 Census The number of Aboriginal people living in urban areas of at least 30,000 people is growing according to the 2 Census, more than half the Aboriginal population lived in urban communities in 2016 (Statistics Canada, 2017, 9). The five cities with the largest Aboriginal population include: Winnipeg, Edmonton, Vancouver, Toronto, Calgary (Statistics Canada, 2017, 9). The population isn t evenly distributed. For example, Ontario is home to the largest number of First Nations peoples (about 24 of the total) but they represent only 1.8 of the total Ontario population (Statistics Canada, 2017, 3). changing Indigenous communities and begins to explore some of the implications for municipalities. Activity Take a minute to learn about your community at Native-Land.ca enter your address to see the First Nation territory, language, and any treaties covering your community. While First Nations, M tis, and Inuit are legally recognized as Aboriginal in the Constitution Act, 1982, this wasn t always the case. There were past legal distinctions between the three groups and for many years Indian peoples were the only peoples formally recognized in the Constitution. A Supreme Court ruling in 1929 recognized Inuit peoples as covered by the Constitution Act, 1987 (OECD, 2020, 44). M tis were legally recognized for the first time in the Constitution Act, 1982 (OECD, 2020, 44). It is important to note that there are also legal distinctions set out in the Indian Act, between registered status Indians and non-status Indians. Key Point You will notice that different terms are used to describe Indigenous people. Efforts have been made to use the terms used by a specific researcher when referencing their research or terms used in legislation. For example, you will see reference to Indian (terminology used in the past by the federal government) and to Aboriginal peoples (the term used currently by the federal government). First Nations, M tis, and Inuit are used where appropriate to refer to specific peoples. Unless designated by a source, the module will use the term Indigenous peoples analogous to the term European to refer to the descendants of all the original nations and peoples of Canada (OECD, 2020, 39). Topics and Learning Objectives Topics Understanding past and current relationships Paths for future relationships Learning Objectives By the end of this module, you should be able to: Identify and explain the significance of key legislation that has implications for First Nations governance Describe the types of First Nations governance Assess the differences between First Nations and municipal governance Identify current relationship options for municipal-Indigenous relationships Consider the implications for municipalities of urban self-government and the duty to consult Reflect on opportunities for new governance relationships at the regional and multi-government level Readings Reading Please Note: You can access all non-textbook readings through the One-Stop Course Readings located in the Table of Contents in your D2L Brightspace course. Required 1. Heritz, J. (2018, December). From self-determination to service delivery: Assessing Indigenous inclusion in municipal governance in Canada. Canadian Public Administration, 61(4). 2. Palmater, P. . Restoring the place of Indigenous Peoples in the GTHA. Institute on Supplementary Vizina, Y. and Wilson, P. (2019, June). Reconciliation with Indigenous peoples: A holistic approach. Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada. Canadian Commission for UNESCO. Colonial Settlements and Land This module is about the relationship that municipalities have with Indigenous peoples and communities. It is hard to know where to start this module because there is much history and practice that informs how we got to the place that we are at today. We will be guided by our focus on relationships between municipalities local government and Indigenous peoples. The module content will highlight past actions and current practices that are relevant to that relationship, but it does not provide a fulsome discussion of the relationship that non-Indigenous people and their institutions have with Indigenous peoples. You are strongly encouraged to continue to learn about these historical relationships to round out the condensed history that is included in this module. Historical Events Did You Know? Review this timeline of key historical events and or interactions between Indigenous and non- Indigenous peoples in Canada. Source extracted from Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Other than the remains of a Viking presence in L Anse aux Meadows in Newfoundland as early as the 8th century, John Cabot is credited as the first European to set foot on the land we now call Canada in 1497, in an area that had previously been settled by Indigenous peoples. Cabot was followed by other Europeans, primarily from England and France, and over time they established settlements or colonies. These settlements grew over time and tensions arose between the two groups of settlers the English and French. Following a loss in the Seven Years War, France gave up their claim and control of land in Canada to Britain. The King of England issued a Royal Proclamation in 1783 that is sometimes referred to as the Indigenous Magna Carta of Canada , which proclaimed the land as British. Importantly, the Proclamation also recognized the rights of Indigenous peoples and outlined a treaty process through which Indigenous land could be legally ceded to the Crown. The best places for settlements involved lands that were near waterways for transportation, were good for growing crops, and could be protected against military action. These were lands already occupied by Indigenous peoples, but over time and as settlements grew, the colonists began to dislocate the Indigenous peoples. For example, the M tis were moved away by treaty from the Red River area . Despite the vision set out by the Royal Proclamation, the rapid influx of settlers, commercial development of natural resources, the arrival of European forms of governance and political expediency soon eroded the land base and livelihood of Indigenous peoples . As we know today, there are many examples that indicate that treaties were not fairly negotiated or properly executed by the colonists. Did You Know? The Toronto Purchase, 1787 (amended in 1805), involved the transfer of land of the Mississaugas of the New Credit First Nation to the Crown. Many questions were raised over the subsequent years about the treaty, which was very unclear on the land involved and whether the chiefs had actually agreed to the treaty. More than two hundred years later, a land claim was made and in 2010 a settlement was reached between the Crown and the Mississaugas of the New Credit. The Foundations for the Relationship The Constitution Act, 1867 is critical to understanding the context for today s relationships between municipalities and Indigenous peoples. It gave the federal government jurisdiction over Indians (the term used in the Constitution) and over lands reserved for Indians (Graham and Peters, 2002, 5) and recognized the treaty system and related commitments to Indians. As we know, the Constitution also gave provinces the jurisdiction to establish local governments, which they would control. Did You Know? The Constitution Act was followed by the Indian Act, 1876, which established the rules and process for determining Indian status and the division of responsibility for Indians between the federal and provincial territorial governments. of the Indian Act assigns responsibilities, similar to those assigned by provinces to municipalities, to elected Band Councils; while Section 82(2) gives the federal minister the authority to overrule a bylaw or decision taken by a Band Council, similar to the override that provinces have of municipal decisions. Band councils were imposed on Indigenous peoples by the Government of Canada to eradicate the hereditary system of governance and create something more recognizable for the western government . Band councils included an elected chief and elected council members and had delegated authority for the designed reserve. The hereditary system, based on representation from clans and involvement of elders, represents more traditional leadership. Hereditary chiefs are seen as traditional knowledge keepers, and in some contexts are recognized as having greater authority and rights relative to things like traditional territory or cultural knowledge and tradition . Recent disputes about the Coastal GasLink pipeline have highlighted the differences between the two forms of governance one imposed and elected and the other traditional and hereditary. The Indian Act was amended in 1951 to transfer responsibility for M tis, non-status Indians, and off- reserve Indigenous peoples to the provinces, while the federal government retained responsibility for Indigenous peoples living on reserve. Know the Act . Paikin interviews Bob Joseph about the book 2 Things You May Not Know About The Indian Act: Helping Canadians Make Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples a Reality. The video provides an overview of this legislation and provides insight on how it continues to shape relationships today. Shifting Responsibility As you remember from earlier modules, urbanization was a strong force beginning in the 1950s, and Indigenous peoples were part of this trend. In 1959, 17 of registered Indians lived off reserve; by 1996 this had increased to 42 (Ontario, 2009, 602). Urbanization served to shift responsibility from the federal government to the provinces (as a result of the 1951 amendment to the Indian Act) and the result was a gap in policy while the Indian Act didn t apply, there was no, or very limited, provincial legislation or policy framework to take its place in Ontario or other provinces. The Constitution Act was patriated in 1982 and included formal recognition of Aboriginal and treaty rights. There are two sections of particular relevance to the discussion of the relationship with municipalities: Part 1 Section 25 this section guarantees certain rights and freedoms in the Constitution, regardless of Aboriginal, treaty, or other rights and any rights set out in land claims or other agreements Part 2 Section 35 this section recognizes Indian, Inuit, and M tis people as Aboriginal Peoples of Canada. It recognizes existing Aboriginal and treaty rights, including land claim agreements, and serves to entrench Aboriginal and treaty rights in the Constitution. The changes in the Constitution Act, 1982 provided an opportunity for policy and other changes through courts and policy processes, but it didn t change the status and form of Indigenous governments in Canada (Graham and Peters, 2002, 194). The Indian Act was again amended in 1985. This amendment removed previous restrictions on status so that women who married non-Indigenous persons could apply to be reinstated as status Indians by their band council. Alternatives to the Indian Act Two pieces of legislation offered alternatives to the Indian Act for First Nations governance. First Nations Land Management Act, 1 This legislation delegated some land management responsibilities from the Indian Act to band councils and removed a requirement for approval of land-related decisions by the minister responsible for First Nations. Band councils that met the requirements, including the development of a land code, would assume responsibility for the creation, administration, and enforcement of laws about the management of reserve lands. By October 2019, 7 First Nations had developed the required land code, between 10 and 15 were in the process of ratifying a code, and 55 were in the process of developing a code (OECD, 2020, 56). The shift to land management is one-way First Nations that move to the Land Management Act cannot choose to return to land management under the Indian Act. First Nations Fiscal Management Act, 2 This legislation gave First Nations jurisdiction over a number of core government functions as well as some new revenue tools. As of October 2019, 2 First Nations had opted into the framework and 125 of those had started to collect property tax (OECD, 2020, 56). While these options gave First Nations more responsibility and autonomy, they were both based on the structure of band council governance imposed through the Indian Act. Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples In 1991, Mohawk First Nations people protested the expansion of a golf course and housing development on disputed lands in Kanesatake that included a Mohawk burial ground. The 78-day dispute near the town of Oka was complex and involved many players in this and other communities. As you can tell from the video, the situation was volatile and tense. When it ended, the federal government purchased the land identified for the golf course expansion but has not transferred the land to the Mohawks of Kanesatake as reserve lands (Marshall, 2013 updated by McIntosh and Doerr, 2020). Following the Oka crisis and related protests and resistance across the country, the federal government appointed a Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples in August 1991 to look at the relationship between First Nations, Inuit, M tis peoples and the Government of Canada and Canadian society. The Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples engaged in extensive research and consultations related to governance, land and economy, social and cultural issues, and the North, and produced five reports. The final report, submitted in 1996, included discussions of governance. The commission supported self-governance and estimated that there were 60 to 8 Aboriginal Nations that could be self-governing. The Royal Commission also recommended an Aboriginal parliament to advise parliament on Aboriginal issues and three governance models for Aboriginal peoples living in urban areas. Canada responded with Gathering Strength: Canada s Aboriginal Action Plan that included a commitment to improve services to urban Aboriginal peoples. In 1998, Canada established the Urban Aboriginal Strategy to provide support and funding for the development of community organizations to address the needs of urban Aboriginal peoples in select urban municipalities, and better coordinate and integrate policies at the federal level and with federal partners. The strategy was instrumental in bringing policy actors together (Heritz, 2018, 607). Growing Urban Indigenous Populations At the same time that these formal changes were happening in the relationship between First Nations and the Government of Canada and the provinces, changes were continuing to happen within Indigenous communities. The migration to urban centres put increasing attention on governance and service issues for Aboriginal peoples living in urban areas, while pressure continued for on-reserve First Nation governance and services. Developments at the federal level between government and Indigenous peoples were complemented by efforts at the municipal level. The Centre for Municipal Aboriginal Relations (the Centre) was established in 1996 to promote municipal-Indigenous relations through research about agreements and good relationship practices. In 2001, the Centre formed a committee to focus on collaborative relationships between municipalities and First Nations that were adjacent or close to urban areas. The Federation of Canadian Municipalities partnered with the Department of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada to establish the First Nations-Municipal Community Infrastructure Partnership program. The program made resources and funding available for hard and soft infrastructure through municipal-First Nations partnerships. Truth and Reconciliation Commission The Truth and Reconciliation Commission was established to determine the truth about residential schools and lay the foundation for the important question of reconciliation . Reconciliation was defined as establishing and maintaining a mutually respectful relationship between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal peoples in this country . The relationship between Indigenous and settler peoples in Canada was one of nations encountering nations, where one gradually oppressed and marginalized the other. Indigenous peoples never agreed to the denial of their sovereignty, cultures or identities. Thus, in the Canadian context, reconciliation must refer to transformative as opposed to restorative reconciliation (Stanton, 2011 as quoted in Vizina and Wilson, 2019, 10). In 2015, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission issued 9 Calls to Action, five of which directly refer to municipalities (bolded below) and seven that refer to government or all levels of government: 3 fully implement Jordan s Principle 17 support residential school survivors and families to reclaim their original names 23 increase number of Aboriginal health care professionals, support retention of Aboriginal health professionals in Aboriginal communities, and provide cultural competency training for all health care professionals 40 establish Indigenous-specific victim programs and services 43 adopt and implement the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples as the framework for reconciliation 47 reject concepts used to justify European sovereignty over Indigenous peoples and land 57 educate municipal public servants and develop skills in intercultural competency, conflict resolution, human rights and anti-racism efforts 64 require denominational schools to provide comparative religious studies including on Indigenous spiritual beliefs and practices 75 protect residential school cemeteries 77 provide records of residential schools to the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation 87 provide public education on the history of Indigenous athletes in Canada 88 take action to support the development of Indigenous athletes Sources: 3, 17 and 23 summarized from the TRC Report; 43, 47, 57, 64, 75, 77, 87, 88 from Vizina and Wilson, 2019, 11. Did You Know? These Calls to Action have implications for the municipalities and their ongoing relationship with Indigenous peoples. The City of Winnipeg established an Indigenous Relations Division in 2013 to coordinate Indigenous-specific programs and initiatives. This division has been given responsibility for the implementation of the TRC Calls to Action. The city has developed Winnipeg s Indigenous Accord and reports annually on their progress. The video Welcoming Winnipeg provides an introduction to the accord. Other initiatives include the Mayor s Indigenous Advisory Circle; an Aboriginal Youth Strategy; an extensive research guide available through Winnipeg Public Library; and Welcoming Winnipeg, an advisory committee of community members. The Winnipeg initiative has also focused on educating and engaging youth. You are encouraged, but not required, to watch the video Educating Our Youth Truth and Reconciliation . Please note that this optional video is not closed captioned. Indigenous Self-Government Canada recognized the inherent right to Indigenous self-government in Section 35 of the Constitution Act, 1982 and established the Inherent Right Policy in 1995 to guide the self-government negotiations with Indigenous peoples . Self-government agreements are negotiated between Canada and the Indigenous community within the framework of the Constitution and consistent with federal laws. These agreements give Indigenous communities a variety of political and legal powers that are somewhat akin to what provinces and municipalities have (Alcantara and Nelles, 2014, 183). In 2019, there were 25 agreements that involved 4 Indigenous communities, two education self-governance agreements involving 3 Indigenous communities, and negotiations were underway for another 50 agreements . Self- government takes different forms it may be comprehensive or limited to specific services like education. The Modern Treaties and Self-Government Agreements map shows the territory covered by the different agreements. same time, the First Nation became a member of the Metro Vancouver Board a partnership of 21 municipalities, the Tsawwassen First Nation, and one electoral area (Metro Vancouver, 2019). Successful Struggle for Self-Governance . Agreement The earliest self-government agreements were signed in the 1990s in the Yukon. None of the 1 First Nations in the Yukon had signed treaties in the past with the Crown and none of them had reserve lands. These First Nations began negotiating with the federal government in 1973 and the final agreement was approved and ratified in 1994 (Alcantara and Nelles, 2009, 715). This agreement served as the framework agreement that was to be used to negotiate individual agreements that could be tailored with specific provisions to each of the 1 First Nations. The Kwanlin D n First Nation began to negotiate their agreement with the federal government in 1995, but progress stalled until 1999 when a new chief was elected and the negotiations resumed. Three of the outstanding issues in the negotiations had implications for the City of Whitehorse: the inclusion of waterfront lands in the City of Whitehorse as part of the settlement lands owned by the municipality , clarification of the First Nation s self-government powers in the city (that is, land use planning), property taxation exemptions (because all land transferred under a treaty would immediately become taxable and would probably bankrupt Kwanlin Despite the impact on the city of these issues Whitehorse owned the land in question, there was potential for incompatible development and property standards within the urban area, and they were at risk of losing property tax dollars the City of Whitehorse was not allowed to formally participate in the negotiations, which was conducted between the federal and territorial governments. Earlier Whitehorse councils had not been supportive of a land claims agreement, however, with the election of a new mayor and council in 2000, things began to change. In the end, the City of Whitehorse sold the prime waterfront land to the territory, so it could be included in the 2002 self-government agreement. There were various conditions that require the Kwanlin D n to use city bylaws for the lands and a service agreement was negotiated for services that the city would provide to the waterfront land. As Alcantara and Nelles observe in the case study, the ownership of the land was a deal breaker that gave the municipality a powerful veto over negotiations . But the development of the waterfront lands was a priority for the city, and the development by the Kwanlin D n and the construction of a Kwanlin D n cultural centre were not construed as bad outcomes from the city s point of view (Alcantara and Nelles, 2009, 721). The lands would be subject to municipal bylaws and standards, servicing would be provided at cost, and there were benefits from reducing the uncertainty about the implications of the waterfront land claim on the city. The result supported the economic and community goals of Whitehorse. of self-government in the Yukon. This video is not closed captioned; click here for a transcript of the video. Whitehorse has continued to develop respectful and strong relationships with two First Nations. In June Declaration of Commitment that describes collaboration, ongoing communications and respect. Regular meetings are held between the municipal council and each First Nation, and the municipality is taking steps to ensure that municipal staff are aware and informed the municipality requires municipal staff to complete a Yukon First Nations 101 course offered by the local college (Vizina and Wilson, 2019, 28). As you can see from this case study, the negotiation process takes a long time and is complicated by changing leadership, and the differing goals, structures, and approval processes of the First Nations and government negotiators. Municipalities don t have a seat at the negotiating table and may have limited The lengthy timelines add to the uncertainty for municipalities for example, Whitehorse was not able to develop the waterfront land because they knew that the land was a key issue in the negotiations with the Kwanlin D n. Municipalities may be concerned about the loss of property tax revenue for land included in agreements with First Nations, implications for servicing of the land, and the ability to move through the First Nations land to access other parts of the municipality. Bringing it Together What can we learn from this brief historical overview of the relationship between municipalities and Indigenous peoples? Pause and Reflect Take a few minutes to reflect on the material presented. You may note some similarities between our study of local government and this module s overview of Indigenous governance. What are they? Are there also important differences? What do these similarities and differences mean for our studies of local government and Indigenous relationships? There are some similarities in governance structure and responsibilities. Both municipalities and First Nations administer a specific, defined jurisdiction; both provide services, develop policies within their jurisdiction, and pass bylaws. It has been estimated that about 80 of the day-to-day concerns of municipal councils would be the same as those of First Nations councils (Tennant as referenced by McAllister, 2004, 24). Both band councils and municipalities are defined in legislation and both have limited autonomy, with the potential for a decision to be overridden by the province or federal minister. Both have limited powers of taxation and revenue tools; both are governed by an elected council and leader. : Similarities While First Nations and municipalities may be comparable, First Nations reject the characterization of their government as municipal (Alcantara and Nelles, 2009, 710). There are some key differences between municipalities and First Nations. First Nations have a constitutional relationship with the federal government and provinces, while provinces establish municipalities, which have no constitutional status. First Nations that have negotiated self-governance have a very different relationship with the federal and provincial government based on the agreement. If a First Nation has negotiated self-governance, it is able to raise funds through property and sales tax (Poholka, 2016, 29). Municipalities have the ability to apply special taxes hotel, billboards, etc. but they can t establish a sales tax. While some governance features are similar, First Nations have different governance traditions (Bish and Cassidy as referenced in McAllister, 2004, 24), which include both hereditary and elected band council governance. First Nations governance emphasizes collective rights that are held by the community rather th
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]: an individual rights (Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing, 2009). There is more community engagement and participation, chiefs have less power than mayors, and decision-making is consensus focused rather than the majority-rule of municipal councils . In addition, elders play a key role in governance. Different Governance Processes and Traditions The Iroquois Confederacy uses Kaianerekowa, the Great Law of Peace, to guide their decision-making process. Wampum 5 emphasizes participation in the decision-making process, deliberation, diverse perspectives and respect for those perspectives, and consensus on the decision. The Kahmawa:ke First Nations, located south of Montreal, creates three groups of community members. Two of the groups discuss the issue and possibly amend the options under consideration. A third group watches the back and forth between the two groups and gives feedback at the end of the discussion. All three groups must agree on the decision, otherwise the proposal doesn t move forward in the process for a council decision. In Peace, Power, Righteousness: An Indigenous Manifesto, Gerald Taiaiake Alfred reflects Our traditions demand a higher standard of conduct in fact, a completely different conception of the leader s role than do the conventional corporate models that dominate business and policies in mainstream society. Simply put, for us it is not enough to know how to : Differences gain, hold and use power. Like my forebears, I believe that leadership consists in invoking the power of reason and that the human capacity to achieve harmony is best developed through pacification and persuasion. (as quoted by Meslin, 2019, 203). Interested in learning more? Here are two resources: The establishment of the Kaianerekowa (great law) Kayanerehkowa, the great law of peace It is also important to recognize that there are different local government relationships for Indigenous peoples living on reserve and those living off-reserve. People living off-reserve do not have a unique system of governance or representation they are part of the municipality. First Nations Governance The earlier discussion showed that Indigenous governance is both complicated and evolving; it is fair to say that the relationship that municipalities have with First Nations governments is also complicated and evolving. Before we consider the types of relationships and look at some examples, let s review the forms of First Nations governments. The Government of Canada has recognized 6 First Nations (OECD, 2019, Key Debates). These First Nations can have different governance structures under different pieces of legislation or agreement. Indian Act governance This is the form of government imposed under the Indian Act, which requires elections of a band council and chief every two years. As noted earlier, two recent pieces of legislation have provided opportunities for First Nations to assume more responsibility and autonomy. The First Nations Land Management Act delegated land management responsibilities from the Indian Act to band councils, and the First Nations Fiscal Management Act 2006 gave First Nations jurisdiction over core government functions. Self-governance The governance of Indigenous communities is changing as First Nations negotiate treaties and self-governance agreements with the federal government. Self-governance can take different forms it can be developed based on the unique characteristics of the Indigenous community or it can take a more public form. Traditional Indigenous governance combines hereditary traditional governance, including elders and or representatives from clans, with some elected positions. The structure of committees and the decision-making process will vary among First Nations. Public governance is when the governance process, including elections, is open to all residents of the community territory. Working Together Municipal First Nations Alcantara and Nelles collected and classified 332 formal municipal First Nations agreements from 1950 to 2014. These agreements varied some were short-term and transactional, while others were longer-term and relationship focused. Alcantara and Nelles identified four types of agreements (Nelles and Alcantara, 2011; Alcantara and Nelles, 2016): 1. Relationship-building agreements emphasize respect, mutual recognition, transparency, and communication. They generally include a commitment to collaborate or cooperate. 2. Decolonization agreements recognize that a municipality is using land that was historically occupied by the First Nation and acknowledge the rights and interests of the First Nation to their traditional land. They generally include an intention to develop a longer-term relationship and principles to guide the development of the relationship. 3. Capacity-building agreements focus on municipal support for the development of First Nations governance or institutional capacity. They are one-way relationships and are quite rare. 4. Jurisdictional negotiation agreements can take two forms they can relate to service provision for a fee by one party for the other, or to the more collaborative joint management of a resource, service, or structure. They include shared service agreements, contracted services, legal contracts, or land leases. The earliest formal agreements between municipalities and First Nations, beginning in the 1950s, related to joint service provision. The number of formal agreements increased significantly since the 1990s, and more than two-thirds of the agreements were recorded between 2000 and 2014 (Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 26). In particular, the number of relationship-building and jurisdictional negotiation agreements, both the service-related agreements and joint management agreements, increased since the 1990s. This signals a shift in relations between First Nations and proximate local governments towards a more cooperative, collaborative, and perhaps decolonized inter-governmental relationship based on principles of mutual respect and interest (Nelles and Alcantara, 2011, 326). In addition to the variation over time, there is variation between provinces. The number and type of agreements vary significantly by province, with British Columbia and Ontario reporting the most formal agreements in the 64-year period (Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 26). Two factors have an influence on the decision to engage in a formal municipal First Nations agreement: capacity and having the tools and resources to participate in a relationship, and willingness to use the capacity in developing a formal relationship (Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 36). It is important to note that municipal-Indigenous relationships are also developed through municipal associations. The Federation of Canadian Municipalities has created a number of resources, guides, as well as joint funding programs and other initiatives to support the development and maintenance of strong relationships. Similar initiatives are underway at the provincial level. The Union of British Columbia Municipalities held a First Nations Summit in collaboration with their Aboriginal counterparts that resulted in a protocol to share information and build relationships and to jointly administer a Community to Community Forum Program. You are encouraged to look at the FCM and your provincial municipal association to explore the range of initiatives. The previous discussion looked at the type of formal agreements between municipalities and First Nations. This section shifts the focus to the nature of the overall relationship, recognizing that there may be multiple and different types of agreements that contribute to the overall relationship between the two parties. Nations relationships. The video First Nations-Municipal Collaboration describes some of those partnerships. Alcantara and Nelles proposed that relationships could be classified, based on the level of engagement of the parties and the level of intensity of the relationship (Nelles and Alcantara, 2011; Alcantara and Nelles, 2016). Their relationship matrix identified four relationship types, which are described below. type. High Engagement Level High Intensity Strong synergy An institutionalized partnership with ongoing formal and informal contacts, such as the joint management of a facility or resource. The Village of Teslin (the Village) and Teslin Tlingit Council (the Council) are located in the Yukon. Teslin Tlingit was one of the first First Nations to negotiate self-government agreements. It includes representatives from the five clans on the Tesling Tlingit Council, and follows an : Village of Teslin and Teslin Tlingit Council Aboriginal self-governance model (Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 71). The Council and the Village signed five agreements between 2005 and 2015 based on their history of collaboration and a positive and friendly relationship between the two communities: An accord that recognized the importance of mutually beneficial relationships. It included maintenance of monthly meetings and an agreement to cooperate in the future. The agreement encouraged both partners to consider forming a regional administration and planning structure and to cooperate on quality services at cost effective prices. Construction of new sewer line through the Council lands, joint involvement in design and management of construction, with future right for the Council to connect to the pipe. The Council built a skateboard park in the Village, near an existing arena, with a financial contribution from the Village, and a commitment to shared maintenance and management of the facility. Development of an integrated community sustainability plan for the whole community (the Village and the Council) including shared vision, values, and goals. Recreation contribution agreement for the joint management of recreation programs for both communities. Low Intensity In the loop The relationship involves sharing information and connections between the partners; it may or may not lead to a more formal relationship. The Village of Haines Junction (the Village), the Champagne First Nation, and the Aishihik First Nation are located in the Yukon Territory. They have entered into four service agreements and three relationship-building agreements: Animal control service agreement signed in 1 Water and sewer services Fire protection agreement Solid waste removal and disposal Agreement to meet quarterly Agreement to meet to coordinate economic development activities : Village of Haines Junction and Champagne and Aishihik First Nations Low Engagement Level Agreement to meet annually to discuss shared issues While these three communities developed strong and engaged relationships, they haven t led to more intense joint management or joint governance process relationships. High Intensity Agreement-centred The relationship is defined through the agreement there is no relationship other than that defined in the agreement. The Regional Municipality of Les Basques and the Mal cite de Viger First Nation are located in eastern Quebec. The municipality and First Nation entered an agreement to jointly establish and manage the Inter-Nations Regional Park through a new nonprofit organization. The agreement was signed in 2014 to manage and maintain the 256 square kilometer park for public use. There had been little interaction between the municipality and the First Nation prior to the agreement. Despite this, they both had a strong interest in collaborating to create the park and the result was described as both intense and unique (Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 133). Low Intensity Business as usual These can be described as business transactions rather than ongoing relationships. They could include agreements related to provision of services for a fee. Sault Ste. Marie and the Garden River and Batchewana First Nations are in northern Ontario. The city has had three formal agreements with Garden River First Nation: Fire protection agreement that was signed in 1991 : Sault Ste. Marie, Garden River, and Batchewana Source: Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 49 as well as Chapters 3, 4, 5, and 6 Agreements, collaboration, and partnerships between First Nations and municipalities are an increasingly important form of intergovernmental relationship. The emergence of these partnerships reflects a growing recognition among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal actors across Canada that cooperation, coordination and communication at the local level are necessary for dealing with a host of practical problems that affect both communities, jointly and separately (Nelles and Alcantara, 2011, 330). Urban Reserves Municipalities also engage with First Nations with respect to urban reserves. These are pieces of land within or adjacent to municipalities that are owned by First Nations and classified with reserve status by the federal government. The land may have been part of a land claim agreement settlement with the Government of Canada, or may have been purchased with funds transferred as a result of a land claim agreement, or earned by a First Nation. The reserves can be additions to existing First Nations reserves or new reserves for a First Nation that didn t previously have designated territory. In 2013, it was estimated that there were about 120 urban reserves in Canada, mostly in Manitoba and Saskatchewan (Poholka, 2016, 6). Urban reserves are not easy to establish there is a lengthy, multi- year process for the land to be declared as a reserve by the Government of Canada that involves consultation with the municipality, the community, and province. 911 service agreement signed in 1996 10-year lease of land from Garden River to Sault Ste. Marie so that the city can build an ambulance station. The ambulance station is a city facility staffed with First Nations band members. Sault Ste. Marie has nine agreements with Batchewana First Nation: Four agreements involved the provision of fire protection (agreements signed in 1991, 1999, 2004, and 2008) Sewage treatment Provision of water services 911 service calls Shared winter maintenance of two streets adjacent to both communities Road extension related to future development in both communities Most of these agreements involve the provision of services by one partner to the other for a fee. Urban reserves provide First Nations with opportunities to generate revenues and may provide a place where they can offer services to band members living in the municipality. They provide municipalities with the opportunity to develop stronger and more meaningful relationships with First Nations and to benefit from the economic development activities on the urban reserve. However, they can also lead to tensions, and municipalities may be concerned about the loss of municipal revenues, unfair competition from businesses located on the urban reserve, as well as potential planning and bylaw issues. There is uneven understanding of urban reserves that may contribute to those perceptions research found that municipalities had a limited understanding of some of the policies and processes related to urban reserves (Poholka, 2016, 35). Did You Know? In an effort to promote better understanding of urban reserves and the value of strong relationships with First Nations, the City of Saskatoon website includes information for residents and businesses about urban reserves and treaty land entitlement. There are profiles of each First Nation, a map of land holdings or reserves in Saskatoon, answers to frequently asked questions , as well as links to details about Indigenous initiatives. Provinces have prepared guidelines about urban reserves. Manitoba advises that the details about an urban reserve must be negotiated between the First Nation and municipality before the federal government gives approval of the urban reserve. The Municipal Development and Services Agreement (about the reserve) will include tax issues, harmonization of bylaws, issues of access, process for communication and planning, and a dispute resolution processes. Toolkits and templates are available through the Federation of Canadian Municipalities . Did You Know? Muskeg Lake Cree Nation The Muskeg Lake Cree Nation was the first urban reserve in Saskatoon, established in 1988 (see the link above for an introduction to the Muskeg Lake Cree Nation). The process to designate the land as an urban reserve took four years as described in the video Muskeg Lake Cree Nation Urban Reserve: A Journey Together (). Since then, there have been additions to the reserve lands and the urban reserve now includes 48 acres in Saskatoon. The city provides some municipal services for a fee, and the agreement includes provisions related to property tax losses and land use and establishes relationship protocols. Early in the process, the band council and Saskatoon city council held annual joint meetings, and communication is ongoing. The reserve provides employment for Indigenous and non-Indigenous people and generates property tax revenues for the Muskeg Lake Cree Nation. There were no issues with the land use the First Nation wanted the development to look and feel like other developments in the urban area. Source: Poholka, 2016, 36 4 Urban Indigenous Peoples and Municipalities It was noted earlier in the module that about 50 of the Indigenous population lives off-reserve and that many of them live in cities. It was also noted that off-reserve Indigenous people are considered to be the responsibility of provinces, not the federal government, and that the Indian Act and other federal legislation does not apply. Urban Indigenous people have not historically received a lot of municipal attention, although that appears to be changing. Municipalities that have high proportions of Indigenous people (Peters as referenced in Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 8) and municipalities that have strong and proactive Indigenous organizations (Abele as referenced in Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 8) have paid more attention to this population group. Even in cities with high numbers of Indigenous peoples, there is very limited Indigenous representation among elected members of municipal councils and often there is no formal way for direct input into Municipal policy processes may not include an Indigenous lens or perspective. Many municipalities have been taking steps to engage with the Indigenous urban communities and to develop processes and practices to ensure their voices are heard in the decision-making process. Unless noted, the examples are summarized from Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach : Calgary receives advice from the Aboriginal Urban Affairs Committee and works in partnership with seven First Nations. The city has formally responded to the TRC and has developed an Indigenous Policy Framework to guide its policy and operations. Lethbridge has established an Indigenous Sharing Network and created a Reconciliation Implementation Plan 2017 2027 in partnership with two First Nations. Vancouver has designated the city as a City of Reconciliation and has adopted a Framework for the City of Reconciliation. The municipality has responded to the TRC and has identified 41 city initiatives for action. Watch Indigenous Names for Public Plazas , announcing a new name for the plaza beside the Vancouver Art Gallery. Montreal created the office of the Commissioner of Indigenous Affairs and hosted the First Nations and Municipalities Summit on Reconciliation, which engaged Quebec mayors and First Nations chiefs in important discussions about actions that need to be taken to advance reconciliation. Toronto established the Indigenous Affairs Office in 2017 and has an Aboriginal Affairs Advisory Committee. Saskatoon initiated a city-wide conversation about reconciliation called Reconciliation Saskatoon in partnership with the Office of the Treaty Commissioner, Saskatoon Tribal Council, Central Urban The Official Community Plan of the City of Victoria, B.C., states We raise our hands to the Songhees and Esquimalt Nations in whose traditional territories we live and work. Hay sxw qa (Thank you) (Victoria, 2012, 1). The mayor of Sept-Iles, Quebec invited the chief, Elder, and community members from Innu Takuaikan Uashat mak Mani-Utenam to the swearing-in ceremony for the new council. The municipality has had two joint council meetings with the First Nation and has established working committees on reconciliation and infrastructure. The County of Antigonish, Nova Scotia, has been working with the Paqtnkek Mi kmaw Nation and the Eastern-Straight Regional Enterprise Network since 2016 on initiatives that benefit both communities, including renewable energy projects, green energy workshops, economic forums, as well as shared services. In August 2020, seven Ontario municipalities signed a Declaration of Mutual Commitment and Friendship with six Indigenous Friendship Centres following a foundational agreement between the Association of Municipalities of Ontario and the Ontario Federation of Indigenous Friendship Centres. The declarations will help build relationships, open communications, and foster collaboration to improve services and supports for Indigenous people in the municipalities. Many municipalities have education and awareness programs for city staff about reconciliation, as well as programs that recruit, train, and support Indigenous people to work for the municipality. Toronto and Vancouver have made efforts to increase the representation of Indigenous people on municipal agencies, boards, and commissions. Many municipalities have established Indigenous advisory committees. Toronto s Aboriginal Affairs Committee was established in 1999 and includes community members and representatives from Indigenous community organizations. Winnipeg s committee is more recent while Vancouver s committee includes only community members. In addition, many large municipalities have staff specifically assigned to Indigenous relations offices you read about the Winnipeg Indigenous Relations Division earlier in the module. The goals of both the advisory committees and the Indigenous staff groups is to connect, liaise, consult, and engage with the community. Advocates argue that while this is a good start, it isn t enough. nonprofit organizations to represent the Indigenous community, rather than engaging the community directly in governance, and they don t address the underlying questions of Indigenous urban self- governance. While these nascent entities provide a bridge to Indigenous Peoples to access municipal government, they fall short of providing them with governance models recommended in various consultations with Indigenous Peoples over the past twenty years (Heritz, 2018, 596). Potential for Urban Indigenous Self-Governance While there have been many successful land-claims and self-governance treaties negotiated, there have been no formal agreements that recognize the urban Aboriginal right to self-government in an urban centre (McCaskill ., 2011, 332). A 2011 survey of Toronto Indigenous community members and key informants reported that a significant majority (62 ) support the idea of urban Indigenous self-government (McCaskill, FitzMaurice, Cidro, 2011, 334). What is urban Indigenous self-governance? The survey respondents and informants suggested it could include an elected council that provided strong leadership and vision and had access to and control of resources to support that vision. Models of Urban Aboriginal Governance In 1996, the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples proposed three models for urban Aboriginal governance (Volume 4, Chapter 7). Reform of urban government and public authorities model This model calls for greater Aboriginal representation on municipal councils and other decision-making bodies as well as the co-management of programs and services focused on the Aboriginal community. (Royal Commission, 1996, 439 440) Community of interest model Aboriginal organizations and service providers would form an integrated Aboriginal public service and would then establish a governing body to represent the Aboriginal community. (Royal Commission, 1996, 441 443) Nation-based model This approach maintains ties with urban Aboriginal peoples nations of origin. For example, the First Nation may extend its jurisdiction to include members living in other communities or establish service agencies to provide services to them in the urban centre. It could establish processes or structures for urban Aboriginal peoples to contribute to the governance of the First Nation. (Royal Commission, 1996, 444 446) Efforts were made to develop a self-governance process based on the community of interest model in Toronto in 2001. The Aboriginal Council of Toronto was formed with the goal of developing an elected and representative Indigenous governing body in Toronto. It was proposed that the council would have 18 members, either elected or appointed by their respective communities, and every Indigenous person living in the Greater Toronto Area would be considered a citizen and would have a voice. The council was successful in developing a vision and strategic priorities but didn t achieve the goal of establishing Indigenous self-governance in Toronto. Subsequent consultations and reports identified the need for a stronger Indigenous voice in Toronto. A 2004 report, All Voices Heard, identified the need for a hub for community representation that would be integrated with an Indigenous public service (McCaskill ., 2011, 333). Urban self-government continues to be raised at the municipal level. The 2 Statement of Commitment to Aboriginal Communities in Toronto includes a commitment to supporting the Aboriginal right to self-determination by working inclusively with Aboriginal communities in Toronto (McCaskill ., 2011, 333). Pam Palmater argues that more needs to be done. In particular, the municipality needs to develop hubs that could be used to support Indigenous people, businesses, groups, and organizations and share the wealth that has been created on Indigenous territories. Indigenous governance should be understood not only in terms of self-governance, but also power within current governance structures. Seats on each city council should be designated for local Indigenous governments and urban Indigenous representatives . Interestingly, the Toronto District School Board has put a model in place that includes two designated student trustee positions and one Indigenous student trustee on the board of trustees . Pause and Reflect What could Indigenous self-government look like in a Canadian city? Which of the three models proposed by the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples would best serve Aboriginal peoples living in Toronto? What are the implications of your preferred model on the municipality? Interested in learning more about the Toronto initiative? See Chapter 15 Urban Aboriginal Governance in Toronto Aboriginal research project, final report PDF . Uncertainty Related to the Duty to Consult Both the federal and provincial governments have a duty to consult and duty to accommodate, arising from the Constitution Act, 1982, when a decision may have an adverse impact on Aboriginal or treaty rights. The duty to consult implies the give and take of bargaining and the related duty to accommodate implies accommodating the rights and interests of Indigenous peoples. But municipalities are not recognized as a level of government in the Constitution and expectations of municipalities regarding these duties is unclear. A challenge for municipal and Indigenous governments is uncertainty about the municipal role in the Crown s constitutional Duty to Consult. The Duty to Consult is different than regular provincial or statutory municipal consultation. Instead, it is a specific legal Duty owed by the Crown to rights-bearing Indigenous communities . The province of Ontario s interpretation of the duty is that municipalities are independent decision makers and that they have a duty to consult (Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing, 2009, 1; AMO, 2019, 4). The Ontario Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing advised that municipalities have a duty to consult in some circumstances, such as land use planning, infrastructure planning, and changes to municipal boundaries and policies related to cultural protection and development, but the ministry doesn t explicitly define the circumstances or require the consultation (Ontario, 2009, 1). The Association of Municipalities disagrees with this interpretation. Provincial courts and decision- makers in other provinces have clearly ruled against a municipal Duty to Consult. They have argued that it is unreasonable to expect municipal governments as non-Crown corporate entities with limited authority, capacity and resources to fulfill the constitutional Duty in the same manner as a Crown . The question remains outstanding about application to municipalities. The Supreme Court ruled that third parties cannot be held liable for failing to discharge the Crown s duty to consult and accommodate . But it is balanced by another Supreme Court ruling (Clyde River), which suggests that municipalities may be considered regulatory agencies through which the Crown (or province) acts and has the authority to do what the duty requires in particular circumstances . The duty to consult may bring an additional challenge for urban municipalities and First Nations. Duty- related consultations can occur more easily between the First Nations, like the Mississaugas of the Credit, that are connected to the municipality by treaty but may be more difficult with the dispersed, and not formally organized, urban Aboriginal peoples living in the municipality. Moving Toward Multi-level Governance? Module 6 talked about intergovernmental relationships between municipalities and the federal and provincial territorial governments. This module has referenced some of the key elements in the evolving relationship between the federal and provincial territorial governments and First Nations as well as the shifts in the relationships between municipalities and First Nations. These new relationships offer potential for greater regional cooperation around shared goals and interests, consistent with earlier discussions of new regionalism. The increase of relationship and decolonization agreements over time, therefore, may be indicative of a sea change in the way in which First Nations and municipal governments communities relate to one another and may also represent the emergence of new coalitions in the area of regional governance (Nelles and Alcantara, 2011, 329). In addition, the relationships highlight the importance of multi-level governance and the recognition of municipalities as an important governance partner. Alcantara and Nelles suggest that multi-level governance may be a better way to understand relationships than either federalism or intergovernmental relations. The evolving set of relationships has led the Federation of Canadian Municipalities to comment that l ocal governments know that tomorrow s Canada must unfold at a four-cornered table with federal and provincial territorial governments, alongside municipalities and Indigenous communities as equal partners . Having a seat at the table would get around the challenges of not being directly involved in land claims involving municipal land, and it would promote greater understanding and foster enhanced municipal First Nations relationships. However, as noted earlier in the module, unlike Aboriginal peoples, municipalities are not recognized in the Constitution and, to this point, haven t been invited to take a seat at the table. The Indigenous population is not only growing at a higher rate than the non-Indigenous population of Canada, it is also much younger than the non-Indigenous population and is increasingly urban. Municipalities need to be proactive in developing trust-based, respectful relationships with these original inhabitants of municipal land, neighbours, and community members. The increasing connections between local governments and Indigenous people may be formal or informal, and short- or long-term. Agreements may focus on service delivery, land, or fundamentals and values for the development of a relationship. As the module has discussed, there are both challenges and opportunities for municipalities in relationships with Indigenous communities. Regardless of the balance of challenges and opportunities, municipalities can t ignore the need for positive working relationships and partnerships. Three key pieces of legislation affect First Nations governance: the Constitution Act, 1867; Indian Act, 1876; and the Constitution Act, 1982. The Truth and Reconciliation Commission made recommendations targeted at municipalities and municipalities as part of governments. The Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples made recommendations about Aboriginal governance, including self-governance and governance models for urban Aboriginal people. First Nations governments and municipalities share some commonalities and differences that have implications for current and future relationships. Municipalities may be affected by the negotiation of formal land claims and self-governance agreements between a First Nation and the federal government, but they don t have a formal voice at the table or an opportunity to have input on the process. Municipal relationships with Indigenous communities are an increasingly important element in Relationships take place through: Urban reserves Other accords, protocols, and policy and program initiatives within the municipal boundaries Models of urban Indigenous self-government have been recommended since the 1990s as a path to enable political representation and access to and control over resources. The evolving relationship includes some legal uncertainties. The example of duty to consult and duty to accommodate illustrated differing opinions about the applicability to municipalities, and there are questions about how it would take place in urban municipalities. The module expanded the discussion of new regionalism and multi-level governance to include Indigenous governments. Next week we will turn our attention to municipal finance and look at budgets, revenues and expenditures, and issues of accountability. Week 7 Discussion Take 10 minutes to explore your municipal website and learn about the relationship(s) the municipality has with the Indigenous community. There may be a statement about reconciliation; policies related to services, human resources, or purchasing, etc.; representation through an advisory committee; staff assigned to Indigenous issues; and or funding for Indigenous organizations. Perhaps your municipality has a formal agreement with a First Nation or has an urban reserve within the municipal boundaries or adjacent to the municipality. Briefly share your findings with the class on the discussion board. Reflect on the module content and what you learned from your website review. How would you describe the municipal-Indigenous relationship in your municipality? Were you surprised by what you found? Please see the Week 7 discussion topic in your D2L course for further instructions. Note: You can access the Discussion Forums and Topics from the Communications menu in your D2L course. Please make sure that your participation in all discussion forums adheres to the Toronto Metropolitan University online etiquette guidelines listed in the Course Outline. Assignment There is no assignment due this week. Alcantara, C. and Nelles, J. (2009, September). Claiming the city: Co-operation and making the deal in urban comprehensive land claims negotiations in Canada. Canadian Journal of Political Science, 42(3). Alcantara, C. and Nelles, J. (2014, Winter). Indigenous peoples and the state in settler societies: Toward a more robust definition of multilevel governance. Publius, 44(1). Alcantara, C. and Nelles, J. . A quiet evolution: The emergence of Indigenous-local intergovernmental partnerships in Canada. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. Apolonio, J. (2008, August). Local government - First nation partnerships. Forging strong relationships among municipal, regional and First nation governments in British Columbia PDF . Union of British Columbia Municipalities. (2019, April 10). Municipal governments and the Crown s Duty to Consult . Towards a process that works for local communities PDF . aspx Canada. (2010, September 15). The Government of Canada s Approach to Implementation of the Inherent Right and the Negotiation of Aboriginal Self-Government. gc.ca eng 1100100031843 1539869205136 inhrsg Canada. (2017, October 25). Aboriginal peoples in Canada: Key results from the 2 Census. (2019, August 27). Self-government. gc.ca eng 1100100032275 1529354547314 chp Central Mortgage and Housing Corporation. . Aboriginal demography. Population, household and family projections, 2001-2026 PDF . Indian and Northern Affairs Canada and Central Mortgage and Housing Corporation. pdf Federation of Canadian Municipalities . (2015, September). Stronger together: A toolkit for First Nations-Municipal community economic development partnerships. Federation of Canadian Municipalities and Cando. . Indigenous partnerships. (2016, March). Municipal-Aboriginal advisory committees in four Canadian cities: 1999 2014. Canadian Public Administration, 59(1). Heritz, J. (2018, December). From self-determination to service delivery: Assessing Indigenous inclusion in municipal governance in Canada. Canadian Public Administration, 61(4). (2019, May 16). The establishment of the Kaianerekowa (great law). html Kayanerehkowa, the great law of peace. The organization of the confederacy. Updated by McIntosh, A. and Doerr, A.D. . Oka Crisis. The Canadian Encyclopedia. (2019, February 4). The complicated history of hereditary chiefs and elected councils. First Nations Drum. , FitzMaurice, K., and Cidro, J. . Toronto Aboriginal research project, final report PDF . Toronto Aboriginal Support Services Council . pdf Meslin, D. . Teardown: Rebuilding democracy from the ground up. Canada: Penguin Random House. Metro Vancouver. . Member Municipalities. (2017, May 28). The Toronto Purchase Treaty . and Alcantara, C. (2011, September). Strengthening the ties that bind? An analysis of aboriginal- municipal inter-governmental agreements in British Columbia. Canadian Public Administration, 54(3). Ontario. . Municipal Aboriginal relationships: Case studies. Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing. . Linking Indigenous communities with regional development in Canada. OECD Rural Policy Reviews, Paris: OECD Publishing. . Restoring the Place of Indigenous Peoples in the GTHA. Finance and Governance. (2016, September). First Nation successes: Developing urban reserves in Canada. Submitted to School of Urban and Regional Planning, Queen s University. pdf?sequence 1andisAllowed y Royal Commission on Aboriginal People. . Report of the Royal Commission on Aboriginal People. Volume 4: Perspectives and realities PDF . pdf Taccone, A. (2020, August 19). Ontario municipalities and Indigenous communities sign declaration of friendship. CTV News London. 5070 Toronto District School Board . Leadership, Trustees. . Honouring the truth, reconciling for the future. of the Final Report of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada PDF . . Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada: Calls to action PDF . (2012, July). Official Community Plan PDF . pdf Vizina, Y. and Wilson, P. (2019, June). Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A holistic approach. Toolkit for inclusive municipalities in Canada and beyond. Canadian Commission for UNESCO. . An overview of best practices for the establishment of and development within Aboriginal economic development zones PDF . City of Winnipeg, Planning, Property and Development Division. Retrieved from DocID 17219andSectionId 506102andisMobile yes","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-06T12:08:15.747Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:24.903Z"},{"id":133,"originalName":"Bold Election Ideas for the Toronto Region – IMFG.pdf","displayName":"Bold Election Ideas for the Toronto Region – IMFG.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Reading/Bold Election Ideas for the Toronto Region – IMFG.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":242843,"folder":"week-7-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":6,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Bold Election Ideas for the Toronto Region ( Privacy - Terms Restoring the Place of Indigenous Peoples in the GTHA by Pamela Palmater The Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area is known for its diversity and remains the top choice for new immigrants to Canada. Nearly half its population was born outside Canada. In downtown Toronto, one can venture to Chinatown, Little Italy, Little India, or Greektown to enjoy foods from around the world or sample arts and crafts during annual festivals. What is missing, however, is a vibrant Indigenous presence in the GTHA. Most Torontonians are surprised to learn that as many as 73,0 Indigenous people call the GTHA home. The Truth and Reconciliation Commission s 9 Calls to Action reminded every Canadian that truth, justice, and reconciliation with Indigenous peoples is not just the responsibility of the federal and provincial governments, it is also a commitment required of municipalities, universities, businesses, the media, and individual Canadians. The real goal of reconciliation is not met by a one-time political apology, the renaming of National Aboriginal Day to National Indigenous Peoples Day, or land acknowledgements before city council speeches and events. Reconciliation requires that municipalities fully engage in the difficult process of getting to the truth not just of the horrors of residential schools, but of genocide, land dispossession, stolen resources, economic blockades, and ongoing racism and violence towards Indigenous peoples. These injustices have resulted in crisis-level urban homelessness among Indigenous city dwellers; the over-incarceration of Indigenous peoples; the over-representation of Indigenous children in foster care in numbers higher than those of the former residential school population; high rates of police- involved deaths of Indigenous peoples in cities; and murdered, missing, and trafficked Indigenous women and girls. The GTHA has considerable work to do to start making amends, not only for its colonial legacy, but for the ongoing injustices lived by urban Indigenous peoples in the region today. In my vision of GTHA, we should be able to walk, bike, or take a bus to places in the region that showcase Indigenous arts, culture, food, entertainment, education, recreation, government, politics, and business. We should also be able to see Indigenous peoples and Nations represented throughout the entire GTHA, since no matter where you live, work, or play in the GTHA, you are so on Indigenous territories. For National Indigenous Peoples Day, the City of Toronto erected a medicine wheel in a prominent location beside the Toronto sign at Nathan Phillips Square. This sign remained until the conclusion of Canada Day that is, for less than two weeks. This important contribution reminded residents, new immigrants, and tourists about their roles in reconciliation. However, why was the medicine wheel displayed for only 10 days? Indigenous peoples should be able to see themselves reflected in significant places in the GTHA every day of the year. Good intentions are no longer enough. We need to move beyond the celebratory, which often historicizes Indigenous peoples, and towards substantive reconciliation. Real reconciliation will be uncomfortable and difficult at times. A real apology means accepting responsibility for what has happened, promising never to let it happen again, and making amends. The GTHA s contribution to and increased support for social programs to address issues related to homelessness, racism in policing, inequitable access to health services, and violence against Indigenous women and girls is part of the answer, but not all of it. The same can be said of support for Indigenous cultural and service-based organizations. The region must do more than merely address the symptoms of injustice, it must work towards ending injustice. Making amends for past injustices many of which cannot be undone requires a fair transfer of land, wealth, and power back to Indigenous peoples. What would this look like in the GTHA? For starters, city councils (and businesses) should identify land and buildings that could be used to support Indigenous individuals, businesses, community groups, social and advocacy organizations, and governments in carrying out their work. These Indigenous hubs should not be tucked away in remote parts of the region, but include prominent locations. In terms of wealth, the region needs an Indigenous procurement strategy to ensure that a percentage of contracts and services in the region are designated for Indigenous businesses and communities. How would the region pay for all of this? Reconciliation should now be viewed as the cost of business a cost shared by residents, business owners, and governments alike. While there is little chance of Indigenous peoples ever getting adequate compensation for the lands, resources, and wealth lost in the GTHA, Indigenous governments need a fair share of the wealth to reach self-determination a key goal of reconciliation. A formula designed in partnership with local Indigenous governments would ensure that Indigenous peoples share in the wealth created on their territories including fees, fines, licenses, taxes, and royalties. Indigenous governance should be understood not only in terms of self-governance, but also power within current governance structures. Seats on each city council should be designated for local Indigenous governments and urban Indigenous representatives. This is not about sharing power by adding token or advisory-type seats; it is about transferring power and making space within current councils for Indigenous representatives. Indigenous peoples could help govern the region and ensure that proper communication protocols are designed, dispute resolution mechanisms created, and Indigenous-municipal collaborations enhanced for everyone s mutual benefit. This plan would require regional financial support from businesses and municipalities to facilitate Indigenous community and urban participation on planning, policing, legal, business, financial, economic development, arts and culture, and social services committees in each municipality in the region. The plan requires significant changes in the way we govern, do business, and plan for the future. Every single person in the GTHA benefits from the historic and ongoing dispossession of land, wealth, and power of Indigenous peoples whether they have lived here for three generations or arrived only yesterday. Everyone should contribute to making amends to Indigenous peoples. Yes, it will be hard. Those who have most benefited from our lands and resources will find the changes painful. However, nothing less will achieve true reconciliation and social justice within the GTHA. We could be the best region in Canada in terms of education, living standards, economic development, environmental sustainability, and social justice for all if we take up the TRC s Calls to Action and do our part towards achieving truth, justice, and reconciliation with Indigenous peoples. RETURN TO LIST (HTTPS: IMFG.ORG RESEARCH BOLD-IDEAS ) Dr. Pamela Palmater is a Mi kmaw citizen and member of Eel River Bar First Nation from New Brunswick. She is a lawyer, author, and social justice activist, and Chair in Indigenous Governance at Ryerson University. Join Our Mailing List indicates required First Name Last Name Email Organization","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-06T12:08:32.575Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:25.806Z"},{"id":134,"originalName":"Can Public Adm - 2018 - Heritz - From self‐determination to service delivery  Assessing Indigenous inclusion in municipal.pdf","displayName":"Can Public Adm - 2018 - Heritz - From self‐determination to service delivery  Assessing Indigenous inclusion in municipal.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Reading/Can Public Adm - 2018 - Heritz - From self‐determination to service delivery  Assessing Indigenous inclusion in municipal.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":141091,"folder":"week-7-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":44,"checkedChun
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]: ks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"From self-determination to service delivery: Assessing Indigenous inclusion in Abstract: Over half of Canada s Indigenous identity population reside in urban centres. Despite their growing numbers, Indigenous Peoples remain under represented in municipal government. While it has been argued that all levels of government have responsibility for urban Indigenous Peoples, neither the federal government nor the provinces have provided direction regarding their representation in urban centres. The local response to urban Indigenous input has emerged over the past ten years in the form of Aboriginal advisory boards in some municipalities. While these nascent entities provide a bridge to Indigenous Peoples to access municipal govern- ment, they fall short of providing them with governance models recom- mended in various consultations with Indigenous Peoples over the past twenty years. This article argues that over time models of representation are being overshadowed by policies of service delivery for urban Indigenous Peoples in Canada. municipaux. Au cours des dix urbains est apparue sous la forme de conseils consultatifs autochtones ayant eu cours depuis vingt ans. Joanne Heritz CANADIAN PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION ADMINISTRATION PUBLIQUE DU CANADA 596 615 The Institute of Public Administration of Canada L Institut d administration publique du Canada 2 Joanne Heritz is Instructor, Department of Political Science, Brock University, St. Catharines, Ontario. The author would like to thank the Journal s reviewers for their helpful comments. URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 5 Urban Indigenous Peoples is the term generally used to describe all Aboriginal peoples (status and non-status Indian, M tis and Inuit) who live in urban centres in Canada. Over 1.4 million individuals, or 4.3 per cent of Canada's population, identify as Indigenous, over half of which live in urban centres. The Indigenous population is growing faster compared to the non-Indigenous population. Between 2006 and 2011 the Indigenous population grew by twenty per cent compared to six per cent for the non- Indigenous population . The Indigenous population is also younger. More than twenty-eight per cent of the Indigenous population is under fourteen years compared with thirteen per cent of the non-Indige- nous population (The Environics Institute 2010). Despite their growing numbers in urban centres, Indigenous Peoples remain under represented in While it has been argued that all levels of government have responsibility for urban Indigenous Peoples, neither the federal government nor the prov- inces have provided direction regarding their representation in urban cen- tres . The local response to urban Indigenous input has emerged over the past ten years in the form of Aboriginal advisory boards in some municipalities. Known as Aboriginal Relations Offices or Aboriginal Advisory Committees, these bodies serve a consultative role, act as a liai- son to their communities and facilitate Indigenous awareness programs with local government . While these nascent entities provide a bridge to Indigenous Peoples to access municipal government, they fall short of providing them with governance models recommended in various consultations with Indigenous Peoples over the past twenty years. This arti- cle argues that over time models of representation are being overshadowed by policies of service delivery for urban Indigenous Peoples in Canada. The article commences with conceptualizations of representation and urban Indigenous Peoples in Canada, followed by a timeline of policies that pro- vide context for representation of Indigenous Peoples in local government. First, it traces policy decisions that impacted on Indigenous representation generally, then urban Indigenous representation specifically. Next it demon- strates how policy decisions over the past twenty years have shifted from models of urban representation to those of service delivery, followed by a discussion of the dual role of the voluntary sector as policy actors and repre- sentatives for urban Indigenous Peoples. The analysis that follows assesses potential challenges to current models of urban Indigenous representation considering recent court decisions, followed by the conclusion. Urban Indigenous representation Urban Indigenous representation, for this study, encompasses a definition of urban Aboriginal, personal and cultural continuity, self-determination, 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 598 and refers to the articulation of group interests within identifiable policy networks by members, many of whom are affiliated with Indigenous volun- tary organizations. This conceptualization highlights the tension between accommodating Indigenous autonomy in decision-making processes and how these policies prioritize service delivery over time. Andersen provides a definition of urban Aboriginal - as a distinctive and equally legitimate form of Aboriginal identity that consists of twelve elements. There is no particular order of the elements that shape the distinctiveness of the urban Aboriginal experience. Economic elements include: economic marginalization; and a growing professional middle class. Aboriginal identity elements include: cultural diversity; legal diver- sity; status blindness; urban Aboriginal institutions; and distinctiveness of urban Aboriginal policy ethos. Social elements include: the character of informal networks; attachment to non-urban communities; struggles over the political representation of urban Aboriginals; racism social exclusion; and place(s) of Aboriginal women in urban Aboriginal social relations ( 63). While community characteristics are unique to each urban centre, Andersen identifies commonalities that comprehensively conceptualizes the urban Indigenous experience across Canada. Indigenous representation addresses how this politically under-repre- sented group address their individual and community needs and interests in policy processes. This notion is based on the premise that choice in terms of adhering to traditional or to mainstream lifeways, to varying de- grees is crucial to build the case that a secure sense of personal and cul- tural continuity are necessary conditions for personal or cultural identity (Chandler and Lalonde 2009: 223). Due to their political under representation, when Indigenous Peoples are included in policy processes, they are usually represented by executives of Indigenous voluntary organizations Self-determination is operationalized to assess the gains Indigenous Peoples have achieved to identify their problems and make choices in regard to their goals in policy processes. This approach counters Canadian federalism and its view that federal and provincial governments have been assigned responsibilities for Indigenous Peoples. Indigenous communities, in turn, see the Indigenous-Crown relationship differently: Rather than viewing themselves as stakeholders or junior gov- ernments, they argue that Aboriginal communities should be treated as full and equal partners in the federation, operating on a nation-to-nation basis with the Crown (Alcantara and Spicer 2016: 184). By defining and deter- mining their communities, urban Indigenous Peoples will move closer to 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 599 self-determination. For example, the Toronto Aboriginal Research Project commissioned by the Toronto Aboriginal Support Services Council has developed a community of interest model of self-government that is representative of Indigenous social service agencies, their Boards of Directors and their membership (McCaskill, FitzMaurice, and Cidro 2011: 38). In its recommendations for urban Indigenous governance TARP ac- knowledges that their model must extend beyond the social service sector to the broader Indigenous community of Toronto.1 Indigenous Peoples are politically under-represented in municipal gov- ernment. The residential schools, the educational system, the police and legal systems, and child and family services stand out as institutions that played a central role in constructing them as the other (Silver 2006: 36). High poverty rates, low levels of educational attainment, inadequate prepa- ration for the job market and poor health contribute to the risk of social This demonstrates how colonization impacted on the collective ability of Indigenous Peoples to advocate not only for their traditional ways, but also to transcend col- onization by becoming self-determining. Despite the significant urban Indigenous population, only a few have been elected as city councillors in large prairie cities, and as of 2012 cities like Saskatoon had not elected a First Nation member to city council (Walker and Belanger 2013: 208). Within the administration of local government, planning scarcely engages in rela- tional processes with Aboriginal peoples (Walker and Belanger 2013: 196). Due to their political under representation, when Indigenous Peoples are included in policy processes, they are usually represented by executives of Indigenous voluntary organizations. Historical background Tracing the relationship between government and Indigenous Peoples for contextual purposes, reaches back to the nineteenth century. The Constitution Act 1867 that created Canada gave the federal government jurisdiction over Indians and the Lands reserved for the Indians, which was interpreted to authorize Parliament to pass laws that directly related to Indigenous Peoples. The provinces were given jurisdiction over public lands, health, welfare, education and municipal institutions (Graham and Peters 2002: 5). The fact that provincial constitutional responsibilities did not include Indians, but did include municipal responsibilities, would have future implications for federal provincial jurisdictional disputes regarding Indigenous Peoples as they increasingly transitioned to cities starting in the twentieth century. Canadian cities developed in locations used by Indigenous Peoples as gathering places. Over time, they were systematically dislocated from urban 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 600 centres, moved to reserves located considerable distances from urban cen- tres and original habitations. In Ontario, for example, the Mississauga ter- ritory along the north shore of Lake Ontario was acquired by the British through land surrenders that included the 1 Toronto Purchase. Colonial policy made the Mississaugas dependent on the Crown, disrupted their po- litical relations with neighbouring Six Nations and destroyed their hunting and fishing through settler poaching, sawmill development and colonial agriculture (Freeman 2010: 24). And in Manitoba, for example, settlement by Europeans proved contentious to the M tis, the initial inhabitants of Red River (present day Winnipeg). tlements due to expropriation to accommodate spreading urban boundaries (Newhouse and Peters 2003: 6). The Indian Act was passed in 1876 as part of the federal constitutional responsibility for Indians and Indian lands based on policies that be- lieved they could not manage their own affairs. Indians were sequestered on reserves, located far away from urban centres (Peters 2001: 58). The as- pects of the act that would eventually impact on migration to urban centres was state control over their status both as citizens and as Indians. Indians for the most part were not considered citizens and the Indian Act provided means by which they could become citizens. For instance, when an Indian obtained a university education, their status was relinquished (Warry 2007: 34). Marriage to non-Indians also impacted on status. When an Indian woman married a non-status man, she lost her Indian status as would her children. However, an Indian man did not lose status if he married a non-status woman and his wife and their children acquired Indian status . The impact of status is addressed in the discussion of Bill C-31 and Bill C-3, below. The Constitution Act 1867 and the Indian Act 1876 were instrumental in establishing the status of and division of, responsibilities for Indigenous Peoples. 2 Although the Constitution Act 1867 delegated responsibility for Indians to the federal government, over time they relinquished their responsibility: first to the M tis; second to non-Status Indians as set out in the Indian Act; and third to Indigenous Peoples residing off reserve. The fed- eral government allocated primary service delivery responsibilities to the provinces through an amendment to the Indian Act in 1951 (Morse 1989: 70). In so, the federal government acknowledged that its obligations for Indians were limited to reserves. Therefore, responsibilities for Indigenous Peoples off-reserve remained with the provinces, with exceptions only for post-secondary education and those with physical or mental handicaps requiring specialized assistance (Morse 1989: 71). Federal responsibility, with few exceptions, did not extend to Indigenous Peoples living in urban centres. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 6 The city as home Over time more Indigenous Peoples consider the city their home with as many as 70 per cent indicating they never moved back to their home com- munity after moving to the city (The Environics Institute 2010: 34). In the case of Toronto, Indigenous Peoples came to Toronto from reserves to further their education and find work starting in the 1920s (Howard 2011: 91). By the 1960s, when they moved from reserves to larger cities like Toronto, Hamilton, or Thunder Bay, they discovered that they qualified for few jobs because of their limited education and little or no vocational skills. Racial discrimination was another aspect of the urban migration. Although the Ontario government enacted anti-discrimination legislation Indigenous Peoples experienced: refusal of accommodation and restaurant services; eviction from rental housing without due process; reluctance to hire Indians; and most frustrating of all, bureaucratic delays and lack of interest on the part of both provincial and federal governments (McCue 1994: 387). Their increased migration to urban centres gave rise to social and political responses. Over time more Indigenous Peoples consider the city their home with as many as 70 per cent indicating they never moved back to their home community after mov- ing to the city Friendship centres were established to assist Indigenous Peoples with their urban transition by meeting the cultural, social and recreational needs (Manitowabi 2011: 111) and serving as the focal point of Indigenous com- munity building . They were also instrumental in providing some of their members with opportunities to acquire the knowledge and skills required to become program and service delivery administrators . When the Canadian Indian Centre of Toronto (renamed Native Canadian Centre of Toronto ) was formed in 1962, it became the third friendship centre in Canada after Winnipeg in 1958 and Vancouver in 1963 (formerly the Vancouver Indian Centre Society, which originated in 1954). Toronto's centre was originally funded by the federal Department of Citizenship, City of Toronto, churches and organizations such as the Order of the Daughters of the Empire. Friendship Centre ser- vices originally included hospital visitation, court services, alcohol abuse counselling, housing assistance, Ojibway language classes, youth sports and recreation programs and assisting newcomers orient themselves to Toronto (Obonsawin and Howard-Bobiwash 1997: 31 35). In 1972 the imple- mentation of the federal government's Migrating Native Peoples Program formally recognized Friendship Centres and the National 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 6 Association of Friendship Centres was established as a unifying link for the Friendship Centre Movement and to advocate the concerns of Indigenous Peoples (Hanselmann, Dinsdale, and Brazeau 2005: 7). Increasing Indigenous migration to cities (in 1959, seventeen per cent of Registered Indians lived off-reserve and by 1996 forty-two per cent lived off-reserve) (Peters 2002: 54) spurred an interest in academic writing. Statistical surveys about Indigenous Peoples in Winnipeg, Regina and Saskatoon were conducted by the Institute of Urban Studies, University of Winnipeg at the beginning of the decade, but relatively little was published on urban Indigenous Peoples after 1985 (). Statistical surveys published by the Institute of Urban Studies in Winnipeg in the 1990s demonstrated low incomes and high levels of unemployment. The main factors differen- tiating urban Indigenous Peoples from the urban poor were the services required to adapt to urban life, the degree of their poverty and the extent of their housing needs. Public service organizations were inadequate in meet- ing the needs of urban Indigenous Peoples because of their assimilationist objectives, limited target groups, unclear mandates and uncertain funding ( 60). Bill C-31, the 1985 amendment to the Indian Act, witnessed an estimated in- crease of thirty-five per cent in the number of registered Indians (Clatworthy 2003: 85), many of whom resided in urban centres. The bill attempted to cor- rect gender bias that retained status for Indian men and their families when he married a person without status, yet disenfranchised Indian women and their children if she married a person without status . More people applied for reinstatement than predicted which pressured bands to recognize new members and their eligibility for housing and post-second- ary education (Graham and Peters 2002: 7). The passing of Bill C-31 therefore failed to enfranchise all applicants and in some cases, limited status to current generations while disfranchising future generations. The passage of Gender Equity in Indian Registration Act in 2011, commonly referred to as Bill C-3, still failed to remedy the discrepancies in Bill C-31. What is significant about Bill C-3 is its attempt to eliminate the one Indian parent stipulation from Bill C-31. As much as Bill C-3 seeks to eliminate gender bias against women, it con- tinues to entrench gender bias against Indigenous women because Bill C-3 extends Indian status for one generation only (Palmater 2011: 47). As future generations lose their Indian status, they continue to identify as Indigenous and have significantly increased the urban Indigenous identity population. The other event that impacted on urban Indigenous Peoples in the 1980s was the patriation of Canada's constitution. of the Constitution Act 1982 acknowledges the existing aboriginal and treaty rights of the aborig- inal peoples of Canada . How Section 35 impacted on urban Indigenous Peoples was addressed in the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples and is discussed next. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 6 RCAP and urban Indigenous Peoples In the aftermath of the Oka standoff between the people of Kahnawake and federal and provincial police, the federal cabinet established The Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples in 1991 (Abele and Graham 2011: 165) to investigate the evolution of the relationship among Aboriginal peo- ples the Canadian government and Canadian society as a whole (1996 v1: 669). The first report published by RCAP was Aboriginal Peoples in Urban Centres in 1993, a discussion document that reported on the National Round Tables held in June 1992. The conclusion of the report identified the social problems faced by Indigenous Peoples in urban centres: poverty, power- lessness, racism, joblessness, poor housing, family violence, abuse, AIDS, lack of child are and low education and literacy levels. These problems are widespread and severe . RCAP also clarified that Section 35 of the Constitution Act 1982 applies to provinces. Since municipal governments are created from provincial gov- ernments, Section 35 may be interpreted as being applicable to them as well (RCAPv2Part1 1996: 85 86). In other words, all levels of government have some constitutional responsibility for urban Indigenous Peoples. One of the most difficult aspects of urban life for Indigenous Peoples is dealing with racism Of the five volume RCAP Report published in 1996, the chapter, Urban Perspectives in Volume Four reported on Indigenous Peoples in urban cen- tres. RCAP identified four critical issues for urban Indigenous Peoples. The first critical issue involved challenges to their cultural identity. The extent to which Indigenous Peoples can maintain a positive cultural identity in urban centres will significantly affect the survival of Aboriginal peoples as distinct peoples (RCAPv4 1996: 522). RCAP stressed the importance of strong cultural foundations for healing and identity: The key to the healing process lies in protecting and supporting all elements that urban Aboriginal people consider an integral part of their cultural identity: spirituality, lan- guage, a land base, elders, values and traditions, family and ceremonial life (). The second critical issue RCAP identified concerns regarding exclusion from opportunities for self-determination (RCAPv4 1996: 520). RCAP re- ported that a large-scale survey found that ninety-two per cent of respon- dents supported, this effort to have Aboriginal people in urban areas run their own affairs (). RCAP proposed systems for urban self-determi- nation that included Indigenous Peoples in decision-making processes at a local level especially in those areas that are relevant to the acknowledgment, maintenance and preservation of Indigenous cultural identity. One proposal 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 604 was for a co-management governing system where institutions and services are established by various levels of government to serve the general pop- ulation, with specific provisions for Indigenous participation established through enabling legislation or negotiated agreements. While RCAP admit- ted the co-management arrangement may afford urban Indigenous Peoples only limited opportunity to influence governance in urban centres, there are still important benefits that include having a voice in local government decision making and promoting greater understanding in relationships be- tween non-Indigenous and Indigenous Peoples (). Another proposal was for a community of interest model where existing urban Indigenous organizations would be recruited to develop this new form of governance. The urban community would establish a city-wide body with political and administrative functions that would exercise self-government in various sectors and institutions within its urban boundaries. Community of interest governments would enter into agreements with Indigenous and other urban governments, to co-operate in the efficient delivery of services (). The third critical issue for urban Indigenous Peoples RCAP identified was discrimination. Presenters and participants in learning circles reported they felt that racism and discrimination directed against them as Indigenous Peoples had a negative impact on their cultural identification. One of the most difficult aspects of urban life for Indigenous Peoples is dealing with racism (RCAPv4 1996: 520 27). The fourth critical issue that RCAP found was the difficulty of finding culturally appropriate services (RCAPv4 1996: 520). The Commission not only recommended that Indigenous Peoples need and should have, cultur- ally appropriate services, but in addition, they stated that they should be involved in the design of these services that promote a holistic approach to the healing of individuals and communities. The Commission reported that some mainstream agencies and municipal governments are relying more on Indigenous agencies to provide services because they cannot address the needs of urban Indigenous Peoples. This poses problems for Indigenous organizations that not only are underfunded, but operate on an ad hoc or short-term project-funding. In addition, challenges to staffing include pro- grams that are understaffed, dependency on unpaid and untrained volun- teers, staff and volunteer burn-out and administrators who spend more time seeking funding instead of delivering services ( 55). In summary, the critical issues for urban Indigenous Peoples in Canada, coming out of RCAP were: maintaining a strong cultural identity; self-determination and models of governance; discrimination; and accessing culturally appropriate services. The immediate media reaction to RCAP quickly centred on the price tag for implementing the reforms it recommended. Annual allocations of two billion dollars would be required for building health centres, stimulating 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 605 the Indigenous economy, upgrading housing and building community centres . While RCAP was successful in giving voice to Indigenous Peoples, it had limited impact on policy change . The immediate federal response was the 1997 release of Gathering Strength: Canada's Aboriginal Action Plan . The twenty-three-page docu- ment responded to urban Indigenous issues in two paragraphs. Under the heading Urban Issues, the report recognized its need to respond to the serious socio-economic conditions that many urban Aboriginal people are facing, by, strengthening partnerships with provincial governments and Aboriginal groups to develop practical approaches for improving the deliv- ery of programs and services to urban Aboriginal people (Canada 1997: 7). Under the heading, Recognizing the Inherent Right of Self-Government, the report stated, Self-government processes for M tis and off-reserve Aboriginal groups exist in most provinces. In these processes, the federal government is prepared to consider a variety of approaches to self-government, in- cluding self-government institutions, devolution of programs and services, and pub- lic government. All of these initiatives provide opportunities for significant Aboriginal input into program design and delivery, and should ultimately lead to direct control of programming by Aboriginal governments and in- stitutions (emphasis added). By the end of the twentieth century the policy regard- ing urban Indigenous Peoples appeared to be shifting toward self-determination By the end of the twentieth century the policy regarding urban Indigenous Peoples appeared to be shifting toward self-determination. The Constitution Act 1982 acknowledged Aboriginal peoples in Canada. RCAP recognized and made substantial recommendations for urban Indigenous representation that the federal government immediately responded to, but this response was short lived. Policy regarding urban Indigenous Peoples would shift from representation to policy implementation in the new millennium. From policy innovators to policy implementers Three years later, the federal government released Gathering Strength: Canada's Aboriginal Action Plan A Progress Report . The report noted that First Nations, M tis and Indigenous organizations in Regina, Saskatoon, Prince Albert, Edmonton and Calgary have, initiated a num- ber of community processes across Canada under the Urban Aboriginal 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 6 Strategy (Canada 2000: 10). Unlike the 1997 report that recognized the inherent right of self-government, the progress report failed to include an urban Indigenous component in its discussion of self-government. Consequently, the second release of Gathering Strength illustrates the federal prioritization of the Urban Aboriginal Strategy as a program and ser- vice delivery mechanism over developing processes for urban Indigenous self-government. The Department of Indian Affairs and Northern Development, the Federation of Canadian Municipalities and the Indian Taxation Advisory Board created the Centre for Municipal Aboriginal Relations in 1996 with a mandate to promote municipal-Indigenous relations by conducting research and generating a database of agreements and effective practices. The Municipal-Aboriginal Adjacent Community Cooperation committee was formed in 2001 by CMAR. Although it was short lived, its mandate was to conduct research, identify examples of collaboration and address out- standing issues regarding reserves located in or near urban centres (Abele and Graham 2011: 169). In 2011 the Federation of Canadian Municipalities and the Department of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada created the First Nations-Municipal Community Infrastructure Partnership Program . The program was designed to provide resources to facili- tate an interchange between the communities, targeting both hard services (water provision and wastewater collection and fire protection) and soft ser- vices (policing, parks and libraries). While CIPP has witnessed increasing Indigenous-municipal partnerships across Canada , it should be noted that these arrangements are between municipalities and First Nations adjacent to urban centres, CIPP's reach does not extend to most Indigenous Peoples who reside within municipalities. Urban Aboriginal Strategy Coming out of RCAP and supported by the Sgro Task Force on Urban Issues, the Urban Aboriginal Strategy emerged in the late 1990s. Although the federal government primarily regarded its mandate to First Nation on reserves, the UAS was designed to recommend and develop pilot projects that would enable greater alignment with programs conducted at all levels of government. The UAS initiated its program in thirteen cities whose combined Indigenous population represented more than twenty-five per cent of Canada's total Indigenous population (Vancouver, Prince George, Lethbridge, Calgary, Edmonton, Prince Albert, Regina, Saskatoon, Winnipeg, Thompson, Thunder Bay, Toronto and Ottawa). The UAS started in 1998 with a four year fifty million dollar program (Abele and Graham 2011: 169) to partner with other governments and community organizations 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 607 in response to the needs of urban Indigenous Peoples in three project prior- ity areas: improving life skills; promoting job training, skills and entrepre- neurship; and supporting Indigenous women, children and families and project priorities continue in the present day . The UAS was instrumental in bringing policy actors together to identify, what many of them referred to as gaps in programs. It illustrates the preference of the federal government to allocate urban resources on program and service delivery. Consequently, the second release of Gathering Strength illustrates the federal prioritization of the Urban Aboriginal Strategy as a program and service delivery mechanism over developing processes for urban Indigenous self-government Urban Aboriginal Peoples Study The Urban Aboriginal Peoples Study by The Environics Institute provides an overview of urban life for urban Indigenous Peoples that supports increased Indigenous participation in their issues and inter- ests. The UAPS went beyond the indicators that measure marginaliza- tion to inquire about the values, experiences, identities and aspirations of urban Aboriginal peoples with a focus on the future rather than the past . According to UAPS, urban Indigenous Peoples are more positive about their Indigenous identity than at any time in the past (The Environics Institute 2010: 42 48). Two-thirds of those surveyed indicated that they themselves or a family member were a student at a residential school or a provincial day school and half indicated that the residential school ex- perience has had some impact in shaping their lives today (). Most of those interviewed had contact with the Canadian criminal system either as a witness to or a victim of a crime, or have been arrested or charged with a crime (). They strongly support alternative justice approaches because many feel they would reduce Indigenous crime rates, improve their confidence in the justice and improve community safety (). Support of traditional healing practices (which includes spirituality, relation to the land and strength of Indigenous identity) were felt to be more important than access to mainstream health care for the majority of Indigenous partici- pants (). They have negative experiences with non-Indigenous services (financial institutions, health system, schools, social assistance programs, employment services, social housing and child welfare system) that include racism or discrimination, disrespect, judgmental staff, rudeness and lack of empathy. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 6 A large majority of Indigenous Peoples believe it is very important to have Indigenous services and this is considered to be most important for addiction programs, child and family services and housing services ( 85). Fewer than half of the respondents indicated that Indigenous orga- nizations represent them well and there was a three-way tie that indicated Indigenous political organizations, Canadian political parties and no one political organization, best represents them (). However, more than half of urban Indigenous Peoples engage in Indigenous and mainstream polit- ical systems. The higher Indigenous political involvement the more likely they vote in Canadian elections. The UAPS disclosed a healthy and vibrant Aboriginal civil society appears to facilitate voice both within Aboriginal and Canadian elections (). In the absence of a political system that gives voice to urban Indigenous Peoples, the UAPS assesses the Indigenous urban experience. UAPS con- firms that urban Indigenous Peoples are positive about their identity, prefer traditional healing and justice services and face negative experiences and discrimination in their daily lives. The UAPS also confirms the desire of Indigenous Peoples to be represented in urban governance. This section has traced the evolution of urban Indigenous Peoples in Canada, with emphasis on how policy decisions have impacted on their under representation. In this next section, the role of the third sector advocacy for urban Indigenous Peoples is examined. Urban Indigenous Peoples and the third sector With reforms starting in the 1980s, responsibility for policy implementation was increasingly downloaded by the state to the voluntary sector. In the absence of municipal political representation, leaders of Indigenous organi- zations took on a dual role to represent Indigenous communities in policy processes. As voluntary organizations assume greater responsibilities act- ing as service providers, advocates and policy actors, their place within the governance framework becomes more complex, further complicating their relationship with the communities that need their support, resources and services. This representational arrangement, while beneficial for policy implementation, falls short of addressing legal decisions and commission recommendations to give Indigenous Peoples voice. In the absence of a spe- cific federal or provincial government departments specifically for urban Indigenous Peoples, program and service implementation requires contact with multiple departments at various levels of government. Compounding the absence of program coordination is the scope of services considered essential for Indigenous Peoples that includes: training programs, em- ployment opportunities and mentorship, healing, language and identity 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 609 programs, early childhood and family services and life skills. Moreover, policy development must consider formal recognition of Aboriginal special status and rights These realities suggest the need to maintain the coexist- ence of programs and service delivery arrangements tailored specifically to Aboriginal people even as Aboriginal people are encompassed within more general federal and provincial programs (Wotherspoon 2003: 192). In the Canadian provinces, urban Indigenous Peoples are usually repre- sented in policy processes by leaders of various Indigenous organizations who advocate on their behalf. The term voluntary organizations encom- passes a broad range of domestic and international organizations including nonprofit and nongovernment organizations. In public policy literature, voluntary organizations are also referred to as the third sector to distin- guish them from the private and public sectors (Laforest 2011: 144). Third sector organizations have delegated responsibility for the service delivery of programs which may have been formerly carried out by government. The range of capacity of third sector organizations varies greatly from or- ganizations that are solely involved in the service delivery of a particular government program to large, multifaceted organizations that function as policy actors. The proximity of these organizations to their client base shifts the traditional government-citizen balance in such a way that third sector organizations, to various degrees, may advocate on behalf of their clients (Phillips 2003: 24). Advocacy and the third sector Despite the debate over the role of third sector, it remains restricted in its mandate. Government restrictions present several challenges that impact on the policy capacity and advocacy role of the third sector. First, organi- zations incorporated as charities are restricted in their advocacy activities by Canadian charities legislation. Canadian tax rules require that volun- tary organizations provide service delivery rather than orient themselves toward public policy. Under common law, political purposes are not con- sidered charitable, therefore an organization will not qualify for charitable registration if at least one of its purposes is political. Revenue Canada has interpreted this to mean to persuade the public to adopt a particular view on a broad social question or attempt to bring about or oppose changes in the law or government policy (Pross and Webb 2003: 95). The federal government has ensured that charities will be prevented from participat- ing in advocacy, even as they are expected to deliver more services (Smith 2005: 143). Second, securing project funding from the federal and provincial gov- ernments exacts a heavy toll on the time and energy of group leaders who 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 610 are the same individuals who have the necessary background for advocacy work (Pross and Webb 2003: 110). Third, is the increase in work load of organizations due to reporting and accountability requirements. The Lobbyists Registration Act and the Canada Elections Act do not impose a regulatory burden on the advocacy activities of groups, but they have implications for the treatment of groups as registered charities and as recipients of government funds. Fourth, is the shift to evidence-based policy in the voluntary sector as a preferred instrument for government of accountability and consistency. While organizations are considered engaged in policy-making, this partic- ipation prioritizes collecting data over articulating the interests of their cli- ents (Laforest and Orsini 2005: 482). A final challenge to third sector advocacy is acknowledging that advo- cacy for urban Indigenous Peoples creates a fundamental challenge to the public service's standard practices of public administration. Social move- ments and bureaucratic norms are sometimes replicated in the public service. So, while public servants adhere to the neutrality of public admin- istration, social agencies may, on the other hand, orient themselves to the needs of Indigenous Peoples. Malloy explains: This reveals a new dimen- sion of the colliding worlds of public administration and social movements, demonstrating just how inherent role conflict and ambiguity are in spe- cial policy agencies . So far, this article has traced how govern- ment policies generally contributed to the under representation of urban Indigenous Peoples and how policy implementation reforms specifically shifted the role of the third sector as their voice in policy processes. The next section discusses urban Indigenous representation in context of com- mission recommendations. Mapping political representation Urban Indigenous Peoples across Canada are not represented by one specific political organization due to geographic considerations and the varying categories of urban Indigenous organizations (Peters 2011: 17). However, attempts have been made to organize off-reserve Indigenous Peoples, many of whom reside in urban centres. Formed in 1968 when they separated from the National Indian Brotherhood (present day Assembly of First Nations ), the Native Council of Canada was created as a national rights-based organization to represent the interests of Indigenous Peoples living off-reserve. In 1983 the in 1994 the NCC changed its name to the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples . CAP now comprises an uneasy alliance of urban and off-reserve 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 611 people (Donovan 2011: 138 9). As a national First Nations organization, the AFN has little involvement with urban First Nations issues. One attempt was its General Assembly's resolution to create an Urban Issues Secretariat in 1999 that never transpired (Peters 2011: 17). Urban reserves are another example of collaboration between municipali- ties and First Nations across Canada. Urban reserves are satellites to princi- pal reserves located elsewhere and have typically been acquired on a willing buyer-willing seller basis in the real estate marketplace, often with finan- cial resources derived from land claim settlements (Walker and Belanger 2013: 205). There are more than 120 urban reserves operating across Canada, with most of them located in Manitoba and Saskatchewan (). Urban reserves have been created, subject to federal approval, to accommodate industrial and commercial ventures and social service agencies, especially those providing services in the fields of education and health (Barron and Garcea 1999: 5). Like Municipal-Indigenous agreements, urban reserves are First Nation entities and as such are not representative of other Indigenous Peoples within a municipality. The recent Daniels decision by the Supreme Court of Canada has the po- tential to challenge Indigenous representation. What Daniels does is affirm that the term Indian includes Non-Status Indians and M tis (Daniels v. Canada 2016). What is significant about non-status Indians and Metis is that a significant number of them reside in urban centres across Canada. The long term impact of the Daniels decision and how federal responsibility for urban Indigenous Peoples will impact on their representation, remains un- clear . The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples , adopted by the General Assembly in 2007 and by the Canadian government in 2010 has a direct role in supporting self-determination for urban Indigenous Peoples, particularly Article 4 and its reference to: Indigenous Peoples, in exercising their right to self-determination, have the right to autonomy or self-government in matters relating to their internal and local affairs, as well as ways and means for financing their autonomous functions . Urban Indigeneity is a distinctive identity that frames Indigenous determi- nation for personal and cultural continuity. However, their under representa- tion in municipal government in Canada challenges their self-determination for a variety of reasons. Canada's constitution gave responsibility for Indigenous Peoples to the federal government, but that responsibility would not reach, for the most part, to Indigenous Peoples who migrated to urban centres. Over time the Indian Act focused mostly on Indians on reserves. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 6 Amendments to the Act, namely Bills C-31 and C-3, were admittedly prob- lematic, but it also impacted on a growing number of urban women and their children who identified as Indigenous upon regaining their status. RCAP was instrumental in recommending governance structures for urban Indigenous Peoples. RCAP determined that all levels of government have some constitutional responsibilities for urban Indigenous Peoples. These recommendations were made against the backdrop of reforms to policy implementation that would impact on all service organizations across Canada. For urban Indigenous Peoples, government restructuring The federal government has prioritized a reliance on service providers to speak on behalf of Indigenous communities at the expense of building on models of urban governance recommended by RCAP. RCAP also addressed critical issues for urban Indigenous Peoples that included: challenges to their cultural identity; exclusion from opportunities for self-determination; discrimination; the difficulty of finding culturally appropriate services. Twenty years later, the UAPS confirmed that these is- sues are still relevant. However, Indigenous Peoples had mixed responses as to whether political parties or Indigenous political organizations best rep- resent them. There are governance structures in municipalities, but they do not repre- sent all Indigenous Peoples. Agreements made between First Nations and government regarding adjacent or urban reserves are increasing over time. While arrangements provide autonomy for First Nations and arguably benefit urban Indigenous Peoples, they do not repre- sent all of them. The recent Daniels decision challenges the under representation of urban Indigenous Peoples by acknowledging federal responsibility for M tis and non-status Indians, most of whom reside in urban centres. This presents a timely challenge to Indigenous and non-Indigenous Peoples and all levels of government to assess how Indigenous Peoples will have their issues and interests addressed in municipal government going forward. Notes 1 That a broad-based group of Aboriginal organizations undertake a series of meetings to
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]:  discuss the idea and feasibility of establishing Aboriginal urban self-government in Toronto. That discussions be initiated between urban Aboriginal organizations in partner- ship with the three levels of government with a view of exploring the idea of Aboriginal self-government in Toronto (McCaskill . 1994: 39). 2 This division of responsibilities and the establishment of all municipalities as creations of provincial statute put in place major elements of the urban Aboriginal public policy maze. This maze was made significantly more difficult to navigate by the federal government's Indian Act and by its interpretation of section 91(24). Passage of the first Indian Act in 1876 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 613 put in place a regime of distinctions among Aboriginal Peoples that politically, adminis- tratively and viscerally divide Aboriginal people to this day As federal policy devel- oped, M tis were separated from Indians and their rights were extinguished through the issuing of scrip (certificates that could be exchanged for land or money) The federal government has historically taken the policy position that its section 91(24) responsibilities relate to Indians on land reserved for Indians, rather than all Status Indians on or off re- serve and, after 1939, to Inuit. Furthermore, it has been loath to extend its reach of action to non-Status Indians or M tis (Graham and Peters 2002: 5 6). Abele, Frances, and Katherine Graham. 2011. What now? Future federal responsibilities towards Aboriginal People living in cities. Aboriginal Policy Studies 1 (1): 162 82. Alcantara, Christopher, and Jen Nelles. 2016. A Quiet Evolution: The Emergence of Indigenous- Local Intergovernmental Partnerships in Canada. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. Alcantara, Christopher, and Zachary Spicer. 2016. A new model for making Aboriginal policy? Evaluating the Kelowna Accord and the promise of multilevel governance in Canada. Canadian Public Administration 59 (3): 183 203. Andersen, Chris. 2013. Urban Aboriginality as a distinctive identity, in twelve parts. In Indigenous in the City: Contemporary Identities and Cultural Innovation, edited by Evelyn Peters, and Chris Andersen. Vancouver: UBC Press, 68. Barron, F. Laurie and Joseph Garcea. 1999. Introduction. In Urban Indian Reserves: Forging New Relationships in Saskatchewan, edited by F. Laurie Barron, and Joseph Garcea. Saskatoon: Purich Publishing, 52. Canada. 1982. Constitution Act, being Schedule B to the Canada Act 1982 , 1982, c.11. Ottawa: Publications Canada. . Indian Affairs and Northern Development. 1997. Gathering Strength: Canada's Aboriginal Action Plan. Available at . Indian Affairs and Northern Development. 2000. Gathering Strength: Canada's Aboriginal Action Plan A Progress Report. Available at Collection R32-192-2000E.pdf . Indigenous and Northern Development Canada. 2016. Urban Aboriginal Strategy. Available at Chandler, Michael J., and Christopher E. Lalonde. 2009. Cultural continuity as a moderator of suicide risk among Canada's first nations. In Healing Traditions: The Mental Health of Aboriginal Peoples in Canada, edited by Laurence J. Kirmayer, and Gail Guthrie Valaskakis. Vancouver: UBC Press, 55. Clatworthy, Stewart. 2003. Impacts of the 1985 amendments to the Indian Act on the First Nations populations. In Aboriginal Conditions: Research as a Foundation for Public Policy, edited by Jerry White, Paul Maxim, and Dan Beavon. Vancouver: UBC Press, 90. Donovan, Sadie. 2011. Challenges to and successes in urban Aboriginal education in Canada: A case study of Wiingashk Secondary School. In Aboriginal Peoples in Canadian Cities: Transformations and Continuities, edited by Heather A. Howard and Craig Proulx. Waterloo: Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 142. Feschuk, Scott. 1996. Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples: Native reforms to cost 30 billion, commission says Report portrays funds as future investment to break aboriginals cycle of dependency. Globe and Mail, 2 November: A1. Freeman, Victoria. 2010. 'Toronto has no history! Indigeneity, settler colonialism, and histori- cal memory in Canada's largest city. Urban History Review VIII: 21 35. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 6 Graham, John, and Mackenzie Kinmond. 2008. Friendship Centre Movement: Best Practices in Governance Management. Ottawa: National Association of Friendship Centres. Available at Graham, Katherine A. H., and Eveyln Peters. 2002. Aboriginal Communities and Urban Sustainability. Ottawa: Canadian Policy Research Networks Inc. Hanselmann, Calvin, Peter Dinsdale, and Patrick Brazeau. 2005. Governance. Available at roundtable-urban-aboriginal-governance Hedican, Edward J. 2008. Applied Anthropology in Canada: Understanding Aboriginal Issues, Second Edition. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. Heritz, Joanne. 2016. Municipal-Aboriginal advisory committees in four Canadian cities: 1999 2014. Canadian Public Administration 59 (1): 134 52. Howard, Heather A. 2011. The Friendship Centre: Native people and the organization of com- munity in cities. In Aboriginal Peoples in Canadian Cities, edited by Heather A. Howard and Craig Proulx. Waterloo: Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 108. Howe, Eric C. 2006. Saskatchewan with an Aboriginal Majority: Education and Entrepreneurship (Public Policy Paper 44). Regina: The Saskatchewan Institute of Public Policy. Inwood, Gregory J., and Carolyn M. Johns. 2016. Commissions of inquiry and policy change: Comparative analysis and future research frontiers. Canadian Public Administration 59 (1): 382 404. Ladner, Kiera. 2009. Understanding the impact of self-determination on communities in cri- sis. Journal of Aboriginal Health 5 (2): 88 101. Laforest, Rachel. 2011. Voluntary Sector Organizations and the State: Building New Relations. Vancouver: UBC Press. Laforest, Rachel, and Michael Orsini. 2005. Evidence-based engagement in the voluntary sec- tor: Lessons from Canada. Social Policy and Administration 39: 481 97. Macdougall, Brenda. 2016. The power of legal and historical fiction(s): The Daniels decision and the enduring influence of colonial ideology. The International Indigenous Policy Journal 7: 3. Malloy, Jonathan. 2003. Between Colliding Worlds: The Ambiguous Existence of Government Agencies for Aboriginal and Women's Policy. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. Manitowabi, Darrel. 2011. Neoliberalism and the urban Aboriginal experience: A Casino Rama case study. In Aboriginal Peoples in Canadian Cities Tranformations and Continuities, edited by Heather A. Howard and Craig Proulx. Waterloo: Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 122. McCaskill, Don, Kevin FitzMaurice, and Jaime Cidro. 2011. Toronto Aboriginal Research Project : Final Report. Toronto: Toronto Aboriginal Support Services Council . McCue, Harvey. 1994. The modern age, 1945 1980. In Aboriginal Ontario: Historical Perspectives on the First Nations, edited by Edward S. Rogers and Donald B. Smith. Toronto: Dundurn Press, 91. Morse, Bradford. 1989. Government obligations, aboriginal peoples and Section 91(24). In Aboriginal Peoples and Government Responsibility, edited by David C. Hawkes. Ottawa: Carleton University Press, . National Association of Friendship Centres . 2012. State of the Friendship Centre Movement 2011 2012. Available at Friendship_Centre_Movement_11-12.pdf Newhouse, David, and Evelyn Peters, eds. 2003. Not Strangers in These Parts: Urban Aboriginal Peoples. Government of Canada Policy Research Initiative, 13. Obonsawin, Roger, and Heather Howard-Bobiwash. 1997. The Native Canadian Centre of Toronto: The meeting place for the Aboriginal community for 35 years. In The Meeting 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 6 Place: Aboriginal Life in Toronto, edited by Frances Sanderson, and Heather Howard- Bobiwash. Toronto: Native Canadian Centre of Toronto, 59. Palmater, Pamela D. 2011. Beyond Blood: Rethinking Indigenous Identity. Saskatoon: Purich Publishing. Peters, Evelyn. 2001. Developing federal policy for First Nations People in urban areas: 1945 1975. The Canadian Journal of Native Studies XXI (1): 57 96. . 2002. Aboriginal people in urban areas. In Urban Affairs: Back On the Policy Agenda, ed- ited by Caroline Andrew, Katherine A. Graham, and Susan D. Phillips. Montreal: McGill- Queen's University Press, 30. . 2011. Aboriginal public policy in urban areas: An introduction. In Urban Aboriginal Policy Making in Canadian Municipalities, edited by Evelyn J. Peters. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen's University Press, 3 32. Mismatch Phillips, Susan D. 2003. Voluntary sector-government relationships in transition: Learning from international experience for the Canadian context. In The Nonprofit Sector in Interesting Times, edited by Kathy L. Brock and Keith G. Banting. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen's University Press, 71. Pross, A. Paul and Kernaghan R. Webb. 2003. Embedded regulation: Advocacy and the fed- eral regulation of public interest groups. In Delicate Dances: Public Policy and the Nonprofit Sector, edited by Kathy L. Brock. Kingston: Queen's University School of Policy Studies, 61. Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples. 1993. Aboriginal Peoples in Urban Centres. Ottawa: Ministry of Supply and Services Canada. . 1996. Report of the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples. Looking Forward Looking Back Voume 1, Restructuring the Relationship Volume 2, Part 1. Perspectives and Realities Volume 4. Ottawa: Canada Communication Group. Sal e, Daniel. 2006. Quality of life of Aboriginal people in Canada. IRPP Choices 12 (6): 5. Silver, Jim. 2006. In Their Own Voices: Building Urban Aboriginal Communities. Halifax: Fernwood Publishing. Smith, Miriam C. 2005. A Civil Society? Collective Actors in Canadian Political Life. Peterborough, Statscan. 2011. Statistics Canada. Aboriginal Peoples Survey . Available at statcan.gc.ca aps The Environics Institute. 2010. The Urban Aboriginal Peoples Study. Toronto: Environics Institute. Available at United Nations. 2008. United Nations Declaration of the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. Available at Walker, Ryan, and Yale Belanger. 2013. Aboriginality and planning in Canada's large prairie cities. In Reclaiming Indigenous Planning, edited by Ryan Walker, Ted Jojola, and David Natcher. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen's University Press, 310. Warry, Wayne. 2007. Ending Denial: Understanding Aboriginal Issues. Peterborough: Broadview Press, 216. Wotherspoon, Terry. 2003. Aboriginal people, public policy, and social differentiation in Canada. In Social Differentiation: Patterns and Processes, edited by Danielle Juteau. Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 204. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-06T12:10:35.885Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:26.085Z"},{"id":135,"originalName":"K34-7-2019-eng - Supplementary.pdf","displayName":"K34-7-2019-eng - Supplementary.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Reading/K34-7-2019-eng - Supplementary.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":2562285,"folder":"week-7-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":49,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach International Coalition of Inclusive and Sustainable Cities ICCAR With the support of the Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Written for the Canadian Commission for UNESCO by: Yvonne Vizina, Ph. D. Peigi Wilson, LL.M. Project coordination Cynthia Lacasse, Programme Officer, Social and Human Sciences, Canadian Commission for UNESCO The Canadian Commission for UNESCO would like to thank the following individuals who agreed to contribute their knowledge and expertise to the development of this document: Caitlin Downie, Supervisor, Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo Becky Kuffner, Cultural Diversity and Race Relations Consultant, City of Saskatoon Paul-Antoine Martel, Liaison Officer, City of Val-d Or Maria Morrison, former Coordinator, Citizen Equity Committee, City of Winnipeg Anne Nickerson, Director, Equity, Diversity and Inclusion, City of Vancouver Haven Rees, Vice-chair, CCUNESCO Youth Advisory Group We also wish to extend our sincere appreciation to staff members and elected officials from various municipalities or organizations who have agreed to review certain sections of this document to ensure its quality and accuracy. Canadian Commission for UNESCO ISBN K34-7 2019E-PDF 978-0-660-31370-2 All rights reserved. This publication may be reproduced in whole or in part for private and or non-commercial use, provided that the source is acknowledged. This document is available online at en.ccunesco.ca. Canadian Commission for UNESCO, June 2019. Canadian Commission for UNESCO 1 Elgin Street, P.O. Box 1 Ottawa, Ontario K1P 5V8 en.ccunesco.ca Phone: 613 566-4 Toll-Free: 1 800 263-5 Email: The Canadian Commission for UNESCO helps Canadians share knowledge locally and globally in order to create better societies and build peace in the minds of everyone. To do so, the Commission facilitates cooperation in the fields of education, science, culture, communication and information to address some of the most complex challenges facing the world today. With its initiatives and networks, CCUNESCO supports the United Nations 2 Agenda for Sustainable Development and other UNESCO priorities. The Commission operates under the authority of the Canada Council for the Arts. Introduction Background Historical Events Demographics Rights and Calls to Action What Municipalities Can Do Engage with Indigenous communities and individuals in various Learning and growth: a model Successful Strategies Reconciliation in Practice A Holistic View Knowledge Systems Action Processes Spiritual Beliefs Values and Protocols Do s and Don ts Tools and resources Featured Municipalities Winnipeg, Manitoba Whitehorse, Yukon Montr al, Qu bec Val-d Or, Qu bec Conclusion Endnotes Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Introduction Advancing reconciliation is part of the broad mandate of the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities (formerly the Canadian Coalition of Municipalities against Racism and Discrimination CCMARD). Signatory municipalities of the Coalition are committed to strengthening their policies and programs in a number of areas of municipal responsibility including service delivery, employment, housing and cultural activities. The implementation of these objectives can directly contribute to advancing reconciliation. In Canada, as of May 2019, nearly 80 municipalities have joined the Coalition. The Coalition itself is part of the International Coalition of Inclusive and Sustainable Cities ICCAR, an initiative launched by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in 2004 to promote efforts by cities around the world to address racism, xenophobia, discrimination and exclusion. Members of the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities advance initiatives to: establish policies to eradicate all forms of racism and discrimination improve their practices to promote social inclusion promote human rights and diversity A survey of Canadian municipalities conducted by the Canadian Commission for UNESCO in 2017 identified a need for additional information to help municipalities learn about and respect the rights of the Indigenous population, both collectively and individually , including those who live in municipalities. This publication is in part a practical tool and resource to respond to this need. It includes a brief overview of Canadian-Indigenous relations and the call for reconciliation in this context. It provides definitions of common terms, and identifies additional reading and resources. It is also partly inspirational. Municipalities have generously shared their stories, practical advice and promising practices in order to encourage others to take action. A holistic approach to Indigenous- municipal relations is presented to support cross- cultural understanding. We hope that this publication encourages dialogue, learning, consensus-building and collaborative action in pursuit of inclusion, justice and, ultimately, reconciliation. S bastien Goupil Secretary-General Canadian Commission for UNESCO Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach UNESCO s Policy on Engaging with Indigenous Peoples reaffirms its commitment to implementing the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples in its mandated areas. The Canadian Commission for UNESCO s Let s Talk About Reconciliation, initiative for public libraries aims to encourage participation by Canadians who are not directly involved in the reconciliation process or who are not exposed to Indigenous history and cultures. These cross-country dialogues aim to strengthen relations between the Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities by creating a space where the two communities can interact with each other in a spirit of openness and mutual discovery. Reconciliation is about establishing and maintaining a mutually respectful relationship between Aboriginal and non- Aboriginal peoples in this country. Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Did you know The terms Aboriginal or Indigenous refer to Indigenous is the more commonly used term following the adoption of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples . The term Indigenous peoples is used when referring to nations, and the term Indigenous people is used when referring to Indigenous individuals. First Nations is a collective term referring to Haida, Blackfoot, Cree, Maliseet, and others. Individual communities are referred to as a First Nation. It is respectful and recommended to refer to the specific nation by the name the nation or community uses to describe themselves (i.e. traditional names). The term Inuit, an Inuktitut word meaning the people , is the collective term for those individuals and their future generations who are party to one of the Inuit Comprehensive Agreements. An individual member of this community is an Inuk. The term M tis does not include everyone of mixed European and Indigenous ancestry. The Supreme Court (R. v. Powley, 2 SCC 43) determined that and are accepted by that modern community. Other terms have come and gone out of favour over the years. These include Indian , Eskimo , Half- breed , Native , etc. However, some of these terms are used in legislation, like the Indian Act, or even the Constitution of Canada for example, section 35(2), which defines aboriginal peoples of Canada to include the Indian, Inuit and M tis peoples of Canada . These terms remain in use, therefore, but should only be used when citing a quote or when referencing the specific legislation. Background The destructive history of Canadian policies on Indigenous peoples has been described in major national studies over the past several decades. Most recently, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission concluded in its 2015 report that since Confederation, Canada s Indigenous policies had the effect of eliminating Indigenous governments; ignoring Indigenous rights; terminating treaties; and causing Indigenous peoples to cease to exist as distinct legal, social, cultural, religious and racial entities in Canada.2 Ongoing disparities are reflected in the intense racism some people harbour against Aboriginal peoples and in the systemic and other forms of discrimination Aboriginal people regularly experience in this country. 3 These consequences have been compounded by a lack of respect by non-Indigenous peoples for Indigenous peoples and a loss of self- respect and pride in themselves by Indigenous peoples.4 The timeline below highlights some important historical events that have contributed to our need for reconciliation. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Historical Events This is a timeline of some key historical events and or interactions between Indigenous and non-Indigenous peoples in Canada. Developing a joint history timeline is a great way to learn about each other. Municipalities and Indigenous partners may wish to work together to develop a local history timeline. It is a great way to start a conversation and get to know each other a little better. Indigenous histories are recounted from time immemorial that is, from the time of ancestral histories beyond memory. Oral traditions recount stories of origins and other important cultural knowledge (For example: the water). These stories also remind us that First Nations and Inuit were self-governing and exercised exclusive control of all territory now called Canada. Norse establish settlement at L Anse aux Meadows Papal bulls authorize European nations to seize Indigenous lands in the Americas and enslave the peoples they find there Europeans explore the Americas Further travels by Europeans and encounters with new Indigenous nations result in foreign diseases infecting Indigenous peoples France claims ownership of New France Papal bull acknowledges Indigenous peoples are human and forbids their enslavement Frobisher s search for the Northwest Passage to Asia constitutes first known contact with Inuit 1400s 1455 and 1493 1500s 1574-1778 1600s Commercial fur trade attracts more Europeans to Canada Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond British Royal Proclamation requires treaty with Indigenous nations prior to settling in their territory this remains the law in Canada 1 First Moravian Mission established among Inuit at Nain, Labrador 1 War with the United States; Six Nations Confederacy and British jointly repel attacks 10,0 M tis in Red River (now Winnipeg) form a Provisional Government 1 Confederation 1874 and early 1900s M tis are issued scrip for money or land 1884-1 Potlatch and other traditional gatherings and customs are banned 1 First Residential Schools open 1871-1 Canada negotiates the numbered Treaties 1 First Nations peoples restricted to reserves ( Indian Act) 1885-1 First Nations peoples required to obtain a pass from the Indian Agent to leave the reserve 1927-1 First Nations banned from hiring lawyers to pursue claims against the government 1 M tis and First Nations men executed, including Louis Riel (Battle at Batoche) 1 First RCMP posts established in the Arctic 1 Canada issues Inuit with numbered identification discs to use in place of their names The social and economic costs within Canadian society of these policies and events have been enormous. High rates of suicide, homelessness, unemployment and death within the Indigenous communities are the tragic human measure of colonial and assimilationist policies. Many Canadians are shocked when they learn about the destructive effect of colonialism on Indigenous communities over the years. It challenges cherished ideals about Canada as a nation. Changing the status quo means giving up old ideas, replacing control with collaboration, and learning new ways of looking at the world. 1953-1 Inuit forcibly moved to High Arctic to reinforce Canadian sovereignty many die 1 Constitutional amendments include recognition of Aboriginal and treaty rights 1 Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples Report lays out strategy for redressing Indigenous rights but the advice is not acted on by Canada 1 The new territory of Nunavut is created 1 White Paper issued by federal government recommends repealing the Indian Act and assimilating all Indigenous people sparks Indigenous political activism and creation of national Indigenous organizations 1 Last Residential School in Canada closes at Gordon First Nation in Saskatchewan 2 Canada apologizes for Residential Schools 2 Truth and Reconciliation Commission Report concludes that Residential Schools attempted cultural genocide and issues 9 Calls to Action 2 Canada endorses UNDRIP without qualification and establishes the National Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women Indigenous Languages Act tabled in Canadian Parliament Simultaneous translation of Indigenous languages offered in House of Commons for first time Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Demographics Winnipeg, Edmonton, Vancouver and Toronto have the largest number of Indigenous residents. More than 50 of the total population of First Nations peoples live in the four western provinces. There are more than Indigenous languages, 30 of which are spoken by more than 500 speakers.5 of Inuit live in Inuit Nunangat. 72.8 of status First Nations 44.2 of M tis live in urban settings. 62.6 of First Nations peoples live in Ontario. Ontario also reports the largest 24.2 Indigenous peoples comprise approximately of the Canadian population. 4.9 Over 977,0 First Nations, 587,0 M tis, and 65,0 Inuit. Average age in 2016 was 32.1 years old Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Debunking myths, misconceptions and stereotypes There are many myths, misconceptions, and stereotypes circulating about Indigenous peoples. A common impression of the typical Indigenous person is of someone who does not pay taxes, gets free education, lives on a reserve, and is unemployed. These stereotypes damage Indigenous peoples and relationships with non-Indigenous people. 1 Truth Most Indigenous peoples pay the same taxes as other Canadians, except for certain exceptions for status First Nations peoples who live or work on reserves, less than 1 of the total Canadian population.6 3 Truth More than half of status First Nations peoples live off-reserve and most of them live in urban centres.7 Inuit 2 Truth Only status First Nations children living on reserves get some funding from the federal government to attend local schools. First Nations peoples living off-reserve receive no such funding. Some Indigenous students also receive federal funding to attend post-secondary school, but not all students who wish to attend receive funding. 4 Truth There are more than 43,0 Inuit, owners in Canada and Indigenous businesses contributed 12 billion to Canada s economy in 2016.8 Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Rights and Calls to Action The legal framework for the protection of Indigenous rights includes Section 35 of the Constitution Act, 1982. It also includes binding legal commitments, like the Royal Proclamation of 1763, and Treaties signed over the centuries. Supreme Court of Canada decisions have clarified these rights and interpreted the Treaties.9 In 2016, Canada joined the global community in adopting the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples . The Declaration describes the agreed-upon minimum standard of rights of Indigenous peoples around the world. A review of these documents is necessary to understand the legal context in Canada. The Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada challenged Canadians to adopt a new relationship between Indigenous and non-Indigenous peoples. They recommended a nation-to-nation approach. The TRC urged giving up colonial policies and taking a new approach based on 1 Principles of Reconciliation and 9 Calls to Action. Reconciliation addresses the deep structural problems in terms of the way land, resources, money, education, housing and health care are distributed in this country, which undermine our collective wellbeing. The overall task is to build a new relationship with Indigenous peoples. It will take the effort of all Canadians to contribute to holistic changes in the way we live, work and govern ourselves. The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples It describes both individual and collective rights of Indigenous peoples around the world. The document sets out principles and commitments that UN Member States agreed to support, including Indigenous rights regarding: sovereignty culture identity religion language health education environment territory UNDRIP is the most advanced and peoples rights: its 46 articles describe specific rights and actions that governments commit to in order to protect these rights. The right to be free of discrimination is one of the four main themes of the Declaration. Reconciliation T he term reconciliation implies that the parties were once whole, experienced a rift, and now must be made whole again. But in colonial settings, this is not the case. The relationship between Indigenous and settler peoples in Canada was one of nations encountering nations, where one gradually oppressed and marginalized the other. Indigenous peoples never agreed to the denial of their sovereignty, cultures or identities. Thus, in the Canadian context, reconciliation must refer to transformative as opposed to restorative reconciliation. 1 Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Municipal governments (defined here to include all forms of local government including townships, counties and regional governments) are taking up this challenge. They are adopting new policies and ways of working, learning about Indigenous peoples across Canada, developing mutually beneficial agreements with local Indigenous communities, and sharing services developed through collaborative initiatives. Municipalities are encouraged to reflect upon all 9 Calls to Action and consider how they can advance implementation. Of the 9 Calls, five specifically refer all levels of government to take particular action. As a starting point, these nine Calls to Action can provide a focus for municipal action, although there are many more areas where municipalities can support action. With their capacity to bring the national reconciliation effort home to the local level, municipalities are not only critical partners. They have the capacities to be leaders in reconciliation through an authentic and inclusive dialogue with Indigenous peoples and governments. What Municipalities Can Do The TRC was a six-year undertaking, engaging thousands of Indigenous Peoples and non-Indigenous Canadians. Through this multi-year process, the TRC laid out what must be done. The second stage of the journey to reconciliation begins by determining how to implement the Calls to Action. Since the TRC process began in 2009, municipalities have seen significant changes in how we understand the issues and relationships with in our cities, resulting in new and revitalized relationships with local Indigenous leaders and organizations. 1 Calls to Action Related to Municipalities No 40 Establish Indigenous-specific victim programs and services No 43 Adopt and implement UNDRIP No 47 Reject concepts used to justify European sovereignty over Indigenous peoples and land No 57 Educate municipal public servants and develop skills in intercultural competency, conflict resolution, human rights and anti-racism efforts No 64 Require denominational schools to provide comparative religious studies including on Indigenous spiritual beliefs and practices No 75 Protect Residential School cemeteries No 77 Provide records of Residential Schools to the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation No 87 Provide public education on the history of Indigenous athletes in Canada No 88 Take action to support the development of Indigenous athletes Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Consider the host of local issues for which municipalities are responsible land-use planning, economic development, affordable housing, clean drinking water, policing and justice, fire and emergency response and how these touch on the rights and interests of neighbouring Indigenous governments and Indigenous people living in towns and cities. Municipalities are encouraged to engage with Indigenous people living within the municipality, to ensure that the municipality is inclusive of all residents and serving their needs. In addition, municipalities should strengthen relations with neighbouring Indigenous communities and governments in whose traditional territories the municipality is located. Municipalities can be good neighbours by sharing their plans and priorities, discussing possible new infrastructures, and offering to share services with Indigenous communities or purchase services from them. Working together may prove challenging, but imagine the new opportunities for cost savings, jobs and economic development, improved levels of service, and better land management and environmental protection, among others!1 Engage with Indigenous communities and individuals in various areas of municipal work The Power of the Arts and Culture CULTURAT is an ambitious and innovative social project that mobilizes the general public, socioeconomic groups, the media and Indigenous communities of Abitibi- of the territory through the arts and the creation of attractive and welcoming public spaces. It also encourages the knowledge, consumption and appreciation of local and regional cultural and artistic richness. Coordinated by Tourisme Abitibi- the heritage of local First Nations and promotes relationships between Indigenous and non-Indigenous peoples. As of May 2019, 62 municipalities, 7 band councils and 17 organizations have signed the CULTURAT charter. Many school boards, businesses and citizens in the region are also showing their support for the initiative. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Learning and growth: a model Successful collaboration can be built through a process of ongoing learning and sharing. Municipalities can start the process by learning everything they can about Indigenous peoples and their rights. Educate yourself, your staff and elected officials, and your community about historical facts, different Indigenous cultures, and legal rights. Reflect on and understand how your municipality can improve its own policies, practices, procedures and institutional values to achieve fully respectful relationships. Once you understand the basics, reach out to your Indigenous neighbours and start to build a respectful relationship based on a true appreciation for each other that will evolve over time. With a respectful dialogue underway, communities can explore a host of issues on which they might collaborate. Finally, communities can co-develop plans to address these issues and work together Knowledge, awareness, respect, and appreciation will build over time as we take on new ideas, processes, and relationships. This is a cyclical and evolving process. Bring an open mind and an open heart, and be ready to challenge yourself and your preconceptions. Learning Reflection Awareness Dialogue Exploration Co-develop plans Implementation June 21 - National Indigenous Peoples Day The day is marked by festivals, traditional dances, singing, pow-wows, storytelling, and more. As a municipality, you can host and take part in the celebrations. Need some ideas? The Indigenous Tourism Association of Canada and Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs Canada websites offer plenty of ideas of interest for municipalities and their partners. The website also offers tips to promote your June 21 event. The Celebrate Canada program also provides funding opportunities for community celebratory events for which municipal governments are eligible. The Media and Reconciliation Your local media have a role to play in the reconciliation process. Reporting in Indigenous Communities offers a guide and checklist. The information is organized into three areas of reporting where journalists face challenges when producing news stories about Indigenous peoples: (i) At the Desk how to research and pitch stories; In the Field how to gather information for these stories; and On the Air how to present stories about Indigenous peoples.1 Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Successful Strategies Reconciliation is a complex issue and will take time. Identifying tangible opportunities for success along the way will help keep motivation high as you move through the stages of understanding, collaborating, and advancing meaningful knowledge and practices around reconciliation. 1 Understanding Learn at work Workshops, online training and guest speakers, including Indigenous speakers, can help introduce the topics and get people talking. Topics might include: Indigenous peoples and Canada Human rights and Indigenous rights Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada and Calls to Action Protocols of place Provide training to senior leadership and management, service providers and frontline workers. Here are some ideas for easy wins. Katzie First Nation provides a Katzie 101 training to the council and staff of the City of Pitt Meadows, B.C. to better inform them about Katzie history, culture and current realities. Have you considered inviting local Indigenous communities, Elders or organizations to speak Learn the culture and history of the Indigenous peoples in your area, such as by attending events and listening. Indigenous peoples in Canada have diverse worldviews that are reflected in the cultures, languages and ancestral knowledge of their communities. The Inuit are different from the First Nations and among First Nations. For example, the Mi kmaq from the East Coast are quite different from the Blackfoot of the Prairies. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach15 2 Collaborating Organize discussions and meetings with local Indigenous community representatives; this can help with forward momentum and build the foundation of new relationships and potential partnerships. Invite Indigenous women, youth and Elders to your meetings to ensure you address everyone s perspectives, issues and concerns. Consider hiring a facilitator who is experienced in working with Indigenous communities to help ensure protocols are met for all participants, common goals are established, and difficult moments or conflicts are mitigated. Establish a group of representatives, including Indigenous representatives, who are able to meet regularly, set and work on achievable goals, and keep the collaboration moving forward. Join the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities of the Canadian Commission for UNESCO. departments and branches such as local police authorities and Indigenous peoples to identify opportunities for training and improved relations. Consider reaching out to research centres or networks to inquire about data or statistics that the municipality alone cannot generate. The Town of Hearst and the Constance Lake First Nation in Ontario have been working In 2016, they worked together to develop a joint mining- readiness strategy to prepare themselves to benefit from a new graphite mine. In 2018, they signed an agreement to share solid-waste management services. Inquire if your provincial or territorial support to municipalities for implementing UNDRIP, the TRC s Calls to Action, or training for Is reconciliation a topic at their next annual meeting? Work with local chambers of commerce, training organizations or schools, universities, and colleges to develop programs that could contribute to train Indigenous peoples especially youth to fill local job vacancies. Work with service-providers and local organizations to ensure access to housing for Indigenous peoples within the municipality and to help address poverty reduction. Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond16 3 Advancing With partnerships established, identify short, medium- and long- term collaborative projects. Prioritize reconciliation within municipal planning. This can assist in generating activities and successes. Indigenous communities and municipalities struggle with limited resources, including financial, human and technical supports. These topics The Municipality of the County of Antigonish, NS, the Eastern-Straight Regional Enterprise Network and Paqtnkek Mi kmaw Nation have been working together since 2016 to strengthen collaboration and build a more resilient local economy. As a result of discussions, Paqtnkeke and the Municipality have signed a historic friendship agreement; are making joint applications for renewable-energy projects; are sharing services and land-use planning; held a joint green-energy workshop; and are planning a regional economic development forum between First Nations and local governments. Did you know Did you know some First Nations, Inuit and M tis are responsible for local governance, including the operation of municipalities? In the Northwest Territories there are only two Indian Act Reserves, and other local settlements are operated through self-government agreements or designated authority of various First Nations. In Alberta, eight settlements established by Alberta under Inuit, as the dominant population in Nunavut, as well as parts of their own municipalities or settlements. Newcomers and Reconciliation Identify opportunities to create and continue dialogue to build stronger relationships between new Canadians and First Nations, You could for example host a dialogue circle involving newcomers and Indigenous peoples and feature discussions and topics significant to the contributions and history of Indigenous Peoples, the history and legacy of Residential Schools, the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, and treaties and the treaty relationship.14 should not be avoided or minimized but may constitute important discussion and action points that require solutions. Continue to build on your knowledge and capacity to engage effectively with Indigenous peoples. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Reconciliation in Practice A Holistic View A holistic view of reconciliation honours many Indigenous worldviews and can provide a useful framework for systemic change. A holistic approach considers four interconnected areas mental, physical, emotional and spiritual. This section offers some examples of how municipal initiatives designed to lead to reconciliation are progressing in each of these four areas. If we address each area in our reconciliation journey, we can begin to generate the systemic changes we aim to achieve. The graphic below shows one example of how municipalities can think about the four interconnected areas. In this graphic, Knowledge Systems are linked to the Mental Domain; Action Processes are linked to the Physical Domain; Belief Systems are linked to the Spiritual Domain; and Values and Protocols are linked to the Emotional Domain. Mental Spiritual Emotional Physical Knowledge Systems Action Processes Belief Systems Values and Protocols Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Knowledge Systems Many municipalities are exploring the TRC Calls to Action and UNDRIP to consider how these might be implemented locally. Some municipalities have prepared for reconciliation by creating new policy, establishing new government departments, and creating new staff positions. An important part of the process is for municipalities to work jointly governments, communities, organizations and individuals to develop plans and strategies supporting reconciliation. Mental The City of Calgary, AB, is supported by the Calgary Aboriginal Urban Affairs Committee, which serves as an advisory committee to City Council. The Committee operates with a 10-Year Strategic Plan and reports annually to City Council on its achievements. Their work has resulted in three significant documents to advance reconciliation in partnership with the Kainai Nation, Siksika Nation, Wesley Nation, Chiniki Nation, Bearspaw Nation, Tsuut ina Nation, and Piikani Nation. The White Goose Flying Report is the City s response to the TRC Calls to Action. The Indigenous Policy Framework and the Indigenous Policy documents describe the local First Nations history and landscape prior to treaty and the importance of these in the City s planning and decision-making processes. The City of Lethbridge, AB, and the Lethbridge Indigenous Sharing Network have created a Reconciliation Implementation Plan that was unanimously adopted by City Council. The plan was developed in partnership with the Kainai Nation and the Piikani Nation. The City Council in Vancouver, BC, designated Vancouver as a City of Reconciliation and began initiatives to begin healing and forging new relationships. A Framework for City of Reconciliation was adopted, focusing on cultural competency, strengthening relations, and effective decision-making at the corporate level (within the overall service provision). Council also adopted the City s response to 2 TRC Calls to Action, identifying 4 City initiatives under three themes: Healthy Communities and Wellness; Achieving Indigenous Human Rights and Recognition; and Advancing Awareness, Knowledge and Capacity. The City of Prince George, BC, has adopted a Reconciliation Framework which contains corporate strategies based on the UNDRIP, recommendations from the TRC, and the City s Commitment to the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Action Processes Reconciliation involves multiple partners working in a positive relationship, with a willingness to collaborate. Successful partnerships often lead to policy development, tangible actions and greater understanding of diverse values and protocols. The City of Toronto, ON, with support from the Aboriginal Affairs Committee (soon to be Indigenous Affairs Committee) and a recommendation from the Urban Indigenous Community of Toronto, established the Indigenous Affairs Office in 2017. The IAO strives to strengthen the City s relationship with Indigenous communities and advance reconciliation. While the City remains committed to embedding the responsibility for Indigenous priorities across City divisions, the IAO will The City of Saskatoon, SK, has identified Reconciliation, Inclusion and Diversity as one of its key areas of focus and released a strategic Response to the TRC. The City of Saskatoon, Office of the Treaty Commissioner, Saskatoon Inc., along with 54 supporting organizations, launched an initiative known as Reconciliation Saskatoon. These organizations joined together to further a citywide conversation about the process of reconciliation, provide opportunities for transformative experiences at events, and inspire citizens to engage in calls to action. The Burnaby Village Museum in Burnaby, BC, has worked with local First Nations to launch a series of cultural presentations in which local Coast Salish community members share knowledge about various aspects of their culture and history. Coast Salish content is also included in programs that the Museum and School District host for K-12 students. an Elder and community members from the Innu Takuaikan Uashat mak Mani-Utenam to his swearing-in ceremony. They have held council- to-council meetings and established two joint working committees one on reconciliation and one on infrastructure and other files. The City of Victoria, BC, has a Witness Reconciliation Program with the Songhees and Esquimalt Nations that reflect traditional Indigenous witness journeys as a means of identifying and advancing reconciliation activities Physical provide more focused and coordinated leadership Commitments to Indigenous Peoples as well as existing work. In 2018, the City of Montr al, QC, created a new position, Commissioner of Indigenous Affairs, to strategy, help implement the principles of UNDRIP, provide training to elected officials and staff, and advise the Mayor and Council about reconciliation. Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond20 and processes. This program also began a City Family that includes City Council members, Indigenous advisors and City staff; all meet regularly to imagine ways of creating everyday awareness of the history, present and future of the Songhees and Esquimalt Nations within the city. The City of Red Deer, AB, City Council passed a mo
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]: tion in 2015 to address five TRC Calls to Action and, in 2017, signed a Protocol Agreement with the Urban Aboriginal Voices Society. The Protocol represents the shared commitment between the voices of the Aboriginal community in Red Deer and the City of Red Deer to share in the vision to create a strong, engaged community that embraces its diversity, improves well-being, and maintains a good quality of life. It is guided by the principles of equity, leadership, collaborative action, and participation and diversity when making decisions, developing plans and implementing actions on issues of common concern. The Val-d Or First Nations Community Mixed Police Station - PPCMA encourages a community approach to maintaining peace, order and public safety by intervening as second- line responders. The PPCMA offers support and teams composed of police officers and social workers who can, for example, direct vulnerable, intoxicated or homeless persons to appropriate services. Some municipalities and Indigenous governments have adopted formal collaborative governance structures that support their capacity to share and work together. Examples include the Eeyou Istchee James Bay Regional Government, QC, and the Alberni-Clayoquot Regional Government, BC. The latter consists of a federation of municipalities and four treaty First Nations. Another example is Pitu paq, a volunteer collaboration between five First Nations and five municipalities established in 2001; the group meets monthly to address the environment of Bras d Or Lakes, Cape Breton, NS. Collaborations often lead to formalized agreements that form the basis of subsequent specific projects. The Town of Temiscaming, Municipality of Kipawa, QC, and Eagle Village First Nation signed a Friendship Accord. Pitt Meadows, BC, and Katzie First Nation signed water, sewer and fire agreements as well as a Friendship Agreement. The Town of Hearst, ON, and Constance Lake First Nation signed a Sustainable Development Agreement to cooperate on solid-waste management while improving the environment, reducing costs, and establishing a base for future relations. Edmundston, NB and Madawaska Maliseet First Nation have signed a Joint Friendship Accord. Economic initiatives are taking shape among municipalities and Indigenous communities. The Town of The Pas, MB, Regional Municipality of Kelsey, MB, and Opaskwayak Cree Nation signed a Friendship Accord and jointly pursue economic development initiatives. Together, they also published an investor-attraction brochure and launched an investor-attraction website. The City of Edmonton, AB, and Enoch Cree Nation signed a Memorandum of Understanding based on government-to- government relations and are working together to explore community economic development, housing, transit, green energy and co-management of a provincial park. Halifax, NS, is working with the Mi kmaq Sport Council of Nova Scotia to host the 2 North American Indigenous Games; thousands of people are expected to attend events across the Halifax Regional Municipality and at Millbrook First Nation. The City of Pitt Meadows, BC, included Katzie names for their public meeting spaces at City Hall. Powell River, BC, in collaboration with Tla amin Nation, has developed a waterfront recreation space that includes Coast Salish Municipalities such Whitehorse, YT, have added Indigenous local languages to certain stop signs. The City of Toronto, ON, has changed the official signs for several of its major streets, to Anishinaabemowin and Mohawk language names. The City of Winnipeg, MB, developed a poster with welcome in many local Indigenous languages that businesses are invited to display in their premises. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach21 Nine Quebec municipalities and the Centres) joined forces to address Indigenous urban issues. Three meetings were organized between the Mayors from these nine municipalities and representatives from local Native Friendship Centres. The outcomes include the signing of a Mutual Commitment to Improve the Living Conditions of Aboriginal People and the adoption of a joint Action plan to bring people together and secure services for Indigenous peoples in urban settings. In 2016, as part of this process and to continue Aboriginal Issues. Participating municipalities are Chibougamau, Joliette, La Tuque, Maniwaki, and Val-d Or. In 2018, the City of Montr al hosted the First Summit of First Nations and Municipalities on Reconciliation, organized in collaboration with More than 50 mayors from Quebec municipalities and half of the Chiefs of First Nations in Quebec attended. Among the commitments taken by parties were promotion of collaborative good practices between municipalities and First Nations, and collaboration to offer training to elected officials about the history and realities of Indigenous Peoples. The Summit is expected to be held yearly in a Quebec municipality. 2019 is the International Year of Indigenous Languages. Supporting Indigenous-language speakers, educators and champions in the revitalization and maintenance of Indigenous languages is one way that we can all work towards reconciliation. Check out the Indigenous Languages in Canada Reference Sheet published by the Canadian Commission for UNESCO to learn more about what your municipality can do to support Indigenous languages. Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Spiritual Beliefs Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities enjoy social gatherings. Sharing food, storytelling, dance, art, music and traditional knowledge are an important way to learn about Indigenous cultures. Opening up opportunities for Indigenous peoples to share their worldviews and perspectives within the municipal landscape can help break down barriers and increase learning experiences. The event KWE! Meet with Indigenous Peoples aims to present the 1 Indigenous Nations in Quebec to the public. The event s program includes shows by Indigenous artists, discussions on the issues faced by Indigenous communities, short films, workshops on traditional knowledge, demonstrations of arts and crafts as well as meeting people. The event is organized by the Huron-Wendat Nation, the host Nation, and the Assembly of First Nations Quebec-Labrador in collaboration with different partners including the City of Qu bec. The City of Medicine Hat, AB, is planning a reconciliation-awareness event as part of Raising the Curtain: A Celebration of Diversity and Inclusion. In addition, the City s Arts and Heritage Advisory Board has set a goal to facilitate reconciliation through arts, heritage and cultural activities. Oakville, ON, has developed a trail and information system featuring a series of 13 plaques containing stories and information relating to land, water and sky, developed in partnership with the Mississaugas of the New Credit First Nation and other Indigenous community members. In Ottawa, ON, Pimisi Station along Ottawa s new light rail transitway has been designed to incorporate an Algonquin cultural theme, reflecting both the historical and contemporary cultural significance of the Algonquin people. Cochrane, AB, hosts the Cochrane Community Awards, including an Equity and Inclusion Champion Community Award. It has garnered a lot of attention, with all nominees acknowledged at a sold-out awards ceremony. Having community faces and people who can tell a story about the positive impacts they are having in a community often brings a new humanity to situations or issues that can help to dispel myths, assumptions and stereotypes. The City of Winnipeg, MB, developed a Smudging Standard which allows traditional ceremonies such as smudging in City facilities. Indigenous and non-Indigenous staff can thus embed traditional cultural practices in events and meetings, as well as for personal self-care. Spiritual Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Values and Protocols An important consideration in every municipality is the recognition of the traditional territory of Indigenous peoples. Acknowledging Indigenous peoples and territories reaffirms the foundation of reconciliation relationships. Inclusion committees, campaigns and education initiatives can also be an important part of reconciliation efforts by integrating Indigenous values and protocols. The City of Vancouver, BC, uses appropriate protocols that respect the traditions of welcoming, blessings and acknowledgement of the unceded territory of the Musqueam, Squamish, and Tsleil-Waututh. The City of Winnipeg, MB, Citizen Equity Committee published a card acknowledging Treaty 1 Territory, and the traditional lands of the Anishinaabe, Cree and Dakota as well as the sport and cultural events at the invitation of Innu Takuaikan Uashat mak Mani-Utenam. They are also working together to address environmental concerns of both communities. Inclusion committees and campaigns form an important part of reconciliation efforts and can integrate Indigenous values and protocols. The social policy of the Town of Cochrane, AB, established the municipal responsibility of upholding the TRC Calls to Action; it acknowledges the need to redress the legacy of Residential Schools and advance reconciliation, with the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples as a framework. The entire Town of Cochrane Management team is participating in a year-long Indigenous training curriculum to support the Call to Action. The City of Ottawa, ON, has a Reconciliation Action Plan and an Aboriginal Working Committee that strengthen relationships between the City and the Indigenous community. The AWC is a partnership between the Ottawa Aboriginal Coalition, representing Indigenous service providers, the City of Ottawa and other community partners. The AWC has adopted a culturally-centred working model that reflects urban service priorities of the Indigenous community including culture, health, housing, education and employment. In St. Albert, AB, the Community and Social Development Department initiated the It Starts With Me campaign for creating Welcoming and Inclusive Communities. The campaign helped City staff and residents reduce misinformation and dispel myths and stereotypes. Other projects of the municipality include the creation of a Healing Garden, educational programs for schools and the community, museum exhibits, street signs in English and Cree, and interpretive signage in Cree, English and French. Numerous KAIROS Blanket Exercise events have been held for residents, teachers and youth. Emotional Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond24 There are a number of education initiatives supporting reconciliation by municipalities and other organizations. The Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo, AB, has identified 2 TRC Calls to Action for consideration, engaged with Indigenous partners, and hosted TRC engagements with municipal employees and the public. The Municipality offers Aboriginal Awareness and TRC training, which provide information to learn about Indigenous history, colonialism, residential schools and the TRC. The training increases employee knowledge about Indigenous history, intergenerational trauma, continued challenges Indigenous people face, and strategies to move forward in building trust and positive collaborations with local Indigenous communities and governments. In Saskatoon, SK, the Building New Relationships program assists those working with newcomers to become more informed about First Nations peoples and the treaties that form the foundation of the Canadian Constitution. The Office of the Treaty Commissioner developed a two-day train the trainer program to help build relationships with First Nations peoples and learn about their history and traditional culture. The City s I am the Bridge anti-racism public education campaign had citizens share their experiences with racism and ways to eliminate it. This video is showcased on the city website, social media and YouTube in keeping with the City s commitment to respond to the TRC Calls to Action, as well as the Strategic Plan goal to enhance relations with Indigenous organizations through the development of educational opportunities. The City also collaborated with the Saskatchewan Indigenous Cultural Centre and the Office of the Treaty Commissioner to develop the First Edition of ayis nowak: A Communications Guide. The Guide is intended to assist City employees build successful partnerships with First Nations, by providing a basic outline of Indigenous understandings and governance systems. The City of Vancouver, BC, has implemented Cultural Competency workshops and online training modules for all levels of staff in service areas. The training has raised understanding and appreciation of Indigenous history and culture, including the impacts of the Residential School systems and related issues for staff that work and interact with Indigenous clients, co- workers, communities and suppliers. In addition, Vancouver has issued First Peoples: A Guide for Newcomers to offer information about Indigenous peoples in the region. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Don t give up after the first try building trusting, respectful relationships takes time. Do construct reconciliation initiatives together with Indigenous communities! Knowledge Systems Do educate municipal personnel about the local Indigenous cultures, read the applicable treaties, and watch and read Indigenous news Do discuss similarities and differences together among municipal and Indigenous governance systems Do find points of agreement and build consensus Do take time to read the Truth and Reconciliation Report and its Calls to Action Do consider taking an online course on Indigenous peoples, cultures, history, etc. Don t assume the treaties are ancient history and have no legal authority Action Processes Do attend public events hosted by Indigenous communities and organizations and invite Indigenous peoples to municipal events Do hold regular Council-to-Council and staff- to-staff meetings to set and work on achievable goals, and keep the collaboration moving forward Do share and discuss plans for the future with Indigenous governments and organizations Don t make plans that affect Indigenous communities without involving them from the outset Do s and Don ts Belief Systems Do understand that spiritual practices are part of Indigenous culture and business relationships Do develop partnerships that will be long-term Do imagine possibilities for positive outcomes and keep an open mind Do respect Indigenous spiritual and historical sites Don t assume all Indigenous peoples or nations are the same Values and Protocols Do be respectful in thought and behaviour Do ask Indigenous representatives about appropriate local protocols Do communicate honestly and openly Do be patient and understanding about punctuality Indigenous leaders and communities may take longer to reach decisions or may not be able to attend pre-scheduled meetings owing to other obligations Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Tools and resources Contact the Federation of Canadian Municipalities for helpful tools, including: Pathways to Reconciliation First Nations Municipal Collaboration Programs Stronger Together: A Toolkit for First Nations- Partnerships Service Agreement Toolkit Solid Waste Management Toolkit First Nation-Municipal Land Use Planning Tool Templates for and examples of collaboration agreements and service agreements (i.e. fire, water) Check out what your provincial territorial municipal organization or human rights commission are in this regard. They may have additional resources. Some examples include: The Union of BC Municipalities identifies a host of resources for municipal-Indigenous reconciliation The Alberta Urban Municipal Association offers toolkits, guides and examples The Association of Municipalities of Ontario offers webinars on Indigenous issues Aboriginal Peoples Fact and Fiction, an educational tool designed to promote a better understanding of the realities facing Indigenous peoples Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Featured Municipalities The following section features only some of the many municipalities across Canada that are The City of Winnipeg has taken a unique approach to advancing reconciliation through the creation of an Indigenous Accord that has already been signed by over 80 businesses and organizations. The Accord includes a commitment by signatories to reconvene and report annually on their own reconciliation progress and future goals. The City s Indigenous Relations Division provides key leadership and advice to civic programs, services and initiatives, while advancing work on the TRC s Calls to Action. As such, City employees can now participate in Indigenous training courses as part of reconciliation. Winnipeg s Indigenous Youth Strategy, Oshki Annishinabe Nigaaniwak, is designed to provide Indigenous youth with positive opportunities related to employment, literacy and recreation through culturally-appropriate programs and supports. The IRD partners with other civic departments to develop internships, scholarships, camps and other recreation programs. These and other accomplishments of the IRD can be found in the City s Partner Goals and Progress Report. The City also has an 11-member Citizen Equity Sub-Committee , under the newly established Human Rights Committee of Council , mandated to advise the Mayor and Council on issues of equity and diversity. The CEC developed Winnipeg s Know Your Neighbours Guide and other publications, including an Indigenous Leadership Invitation protocol, approved by Indigenous leaders, to guide City officials on how to effectively and attend events. In that light, Maria Morrison, former Coordinator of the Citizen Equity Committee, is concerned with the toll that reconciliation initiatives can take on Indigenous individuals and communities. While the benefits of non-Indigenous peoples learning about Indigenous cultures enhance social relationships, Indigenous community members have expressed fatigue and emotional stress from repeatedly discussing their colonial oppression experiences or being expected to speak for all Indigenous peoples. Ms. Morrison believes that some of the challenges faced by municipalities in developing and implementing reconciliation initiatives can be mitigated with committed leadership, clear and measurable objectives, and accountability mechanisms. Winnipeg, Manitoba Reconciliation is messy. When you start, it may feel like it is getting worse instead of better. Ripping off the bandage opens ugly wounds. If you can do it, there will still be a scar, but it may not hurt so much anymore. We took the bandage off in Winnipeg. Keep trying! Maria Morrison Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond The City of Whitehorse has been actively advancing relationships with Indigenous peoples for several years. The Moving Forward Together report features municipal and First Nations leadership, and several of the TRC Calls to Action as areas of focus. The City s advisory committee for the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities was established to advise City Council and Administration on ways to eliminate racism and discrimination in the development, implementation and operations of the City s plans, policies, services and facilities. and the City adopted a Declaration of Commitment to further strengthen the relationships among the three governments. The City proclaimed a National Indigenous History Month to honour contributions of The City also includes acknowledgement of First Nation traditional territories in electronic signature blocks; has added Southern Tutchone on welcome and traffic signs; and The City made it mandatory for staff to complete the Yukon First Nations 101 course offered by the Yukon College. So far nearly 200 employees have taken the course. As noted by Jocelyn Curteanu, Whitehorse City Councillor, after having addressed many of the TRC Calls to Action for municipalities, the City has shifted focus to relationship-building and ongoing respectful communication and partnerships. The Mayor and Council hold regular intergovernmental meetings with each First Nation to keep the lines of communication open and discuss mutual concerns and initiatives. Councillor Curteanu believes that reconciliation is a journey that starts with an honest acknowledgement of our history, a sincere desire to do better, building trust, and finding common ground to collaborate. by 177 since the early 2000s. An inhabited and gathering place for First Nations for thousands of years and currently home to the largest Inuit process of reconciliation as part of a government-to- government dialogue and co-construction with the Indigenous community. on National Indigenous Peoples Day in 2016. In 2017, to honour its history and 375th anniversary, while beginning a new chapter in the city s relationship with Indigenous peoples and governments, the Assembly of First Nations Quebec-Labrador in partnership with the City, DestiNATIONS and the Canadian Commission for UNESCO hosted an event celebrating the 10th anniversary of UNDRIP. This included hoisting the new city flag that now incorporates a white pine tree, the Great Tree of Peace from the Haudenosaunee culture. Whitehorse, Yukon Montr al, Quebec Commitment and patience are key. We must remain flexible and work to accommodate Indigenous peoples needs. Jocelyn Curteanu, Councillor Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach29 and Municipalities Summit on Reconciliation, bringing together mayors and First Nations chiefs from across Quebec. There was a lot of talk about concrete actions versus symbols, like naming parks, restoring truth, restoring different versions of history. And for me, the two work in concert with one another. Parent to the Executive Committee, with special responsibility for culture and reconciliation. The first appointee to the position, Ms. Parent is of Mi kmaq and Acadian heritage and is the first Indigenous The City also hired a Commissioner of Indigenous Her role includes strategy, developing awareness training for City staff and officials and advising the Mayor and Council about reconciliation and the implementation of UNDRIP. Importantly, this position came with a budget for training and supporting the Commissioner s mandate. Ms. Bordeleau works with local Indigenous communities and organizations to define reconciliation priorities together and develop solutions for their success. She recommends communities meet at the government-to-government level, taking time to understand each other s needs, vision and expectations. She suggests that if issues are beyond the capacity of the municipality, working with additional levels of government may help develop interconnected solutions. Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond The City of Val-d Or has taken steps to address local racism and discrimination against Indigenous peoples. In 2015, it signed a cooperation agreement with surrounding Anicinabe communities and the Grand Council of the Crees. In 2016, the City created the Committee against Racism and Discrimination, which produced an overview of racism in Val-d Or ( Aper u The same year, Val-d Or adopted UNDRIP. The City has participated in meetings of Quebec municipalities and Native Friendship Centres each year since 2016. In 2018 they joined the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities of the Canadian Commission for UNESCO and adopted an action plan on racism, with input from Indigenous communities. Val-d Or received the 2 Collective Intelligence Award award from the municipal healthcare network, the R seau This award acknowledged the efforts of the City to respond quickly to complaints by local Indigenous peoples about racism. City to share their experience with others. Val-d Or has adopted an unequivocal and firm political commitment to engagement with the Indigenous population, assigned a municipal employee to the reconciliation portfolio, pooled the efforts of community stakeholders, and promoted ongoing communication. Results include restored trust, new connections, and a general change of attitude in the population. These efforts have attracted outside attention and provided leadership for others. Val-d Or, Quebec Val-d Or has adopted four paramount values: perseverance, patience, humility and ambition. It means persevering even in the face of adversity and uncertainty, allowing time for things to fall into place, acknowledging our mistakes and inexperience, and lastly, not being afraid to dream or think big and then deploy the energies needed to turn dreams into reality. Paul-Antoine Martel, City of Val-d Or Liaison Officer Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach31 Reconciliation must support Aboriginal peoples as they heal from the destructive legacies of colonization that have wreaked such havoc in their lives. But it must do even more. Reconciliation must inspire Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal peoples to transform Canadian society so that our children and grandchildren can live together in dignity, peace, and prosperity on these lands we now share 15. Truth and Reconcilation Commission of Canada Conclusion Transformation of social structures will take time and involve many different approaches. Indigenous communities make up less than 5 of the population of Canada, yet their involvement in reconciliation efforts by municipalities is crucial. Building new relationships is the work that lies ahead. Reconciliation will require open hearts and open minds, and a willingness to look at the world in a way that is more alert to, and respectful of, Indigenous peoples, and their rights and interests. It means honouring treaties and other commitments; it means acknowledging past harms and making a commitment to healing; it means changing the way we interact and the way we think about each other. Communities will benefit from courage, forgiveness, leadership and dedication. How will your community embrace reconciliation? Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond32 1. Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada . What We Have Learned: Principles of Truth and Reconciliation. Accessed February 1, 2019: . 2. Truth and Reconcilation Commission of Canada . Honouring the Truth, Reconciling for the Future: Summary of the Final report of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada. Accessed February 1, 2019: . 3. Ibid, . 4. Ibid, p. vi. 5. Statistics Canada . Aboriginal Peoples in Canada: Key Results from the 2 Census. Accessed February 1, 2019: 6. Indigenous Corporate Training Inc. . Myth 1: Status Indians exempt from federal or provincial taxes. Accessed February 1, 2019: provincial-taxes-2. 7. Statistics Canada . Aboriginal Peoples in Canada: Key Results from the 2 Census. Accessed February 1, 2019: 8. Marsden, D. . Gladu and Little: Business leaders urged to step up for Indigenous entrepreneurs . Accessed February 1, 2019: urged-to-step-up-for-indigenous-entrepreneurs. 9. Key cases include Calder v. British Columbia S.C.R. 313, R. v. Sparrow, 1 S.C.R. 1075, Delgamuukw v. British Columbia 3 S.C.R. 1010, Tsilhqot in Nation v. British Columbia 2 SCR 257. 10. Stanton, K. . Canada s Truth and Reconciliation Commission: Settling the past? , The International Indigenous Policy Journal, 2, (3), . 11. Federation of Canadian Municipalities . Pathways to Reconciliation. Accessed February 1, 2019: 12. Federation of Canadian Municipalities . First Nations Municipal Collaboration. Accessed February 1, 2019: programs.htm. 13. City of Winnipeg, Winnipeg s Indigenous Accord Partner Information Guide, indigenous pdfs PartnerGuideACCORD.pdf, . 14. City of Winnipeg, Winnipeg s Indigenous Accord: Partner Information Guide, indigenous pdfs PartnerGuideACCORD.pdf, . 15. Truth and Reconcilation Commission of Canada . Honouring the Truth, Reconciling for the Future: Summary of the Final Report of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada. Accessed February 1, 2019: . Endnotes Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Design: oblik.ca","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-06T12:12:53.202Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:26.946Z"},{"id":136,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 8 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 8 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 8 - Mar 7-13/Module/CPPA122, Module 8 - Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":611071,"folder":"week-8-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Local government varies significantly in form and function across the country provinces have different legislation that defines municipalities and there is variation within provinces based primarily on size. There are different types of governance structures and roles and responsibilities. There are also significant variations in how local government is financed and where and on what they spend their money; therefore, it can be difficult to compare finances among municipalities in Canada because of the different provincially assigned roles and responsibilities, different cost-sharing arrangements, and different types and levels of local services. Municipal finance is a complex topic. This module is organized to give you an understanding of municipal budgeting and municipal revenues and expenditures, and then to give you a chance to try your hand at balancing the budget in a challenging municipal environment. The module ends with a discussion of key fiscal challenges facing municipalities. One-third of Ontario residents surveyed said that municipal governments get between 10 and 19 of all taxes collected in Canada (Nanos, 2018, 2). But the correct answer to the question is that municipalities get 9 cents from every tax dollar paid in Ontario; 44 cents goes to the provinces; and 47 cents goes to the federal government (Johal, Alwani, Thirgood and Spiro, 2019, 15). Many people feel that this isn t enough. Sixty percent of Ontarians surveyed said that municipal governments should get more of the total taxes collected by all levels of government. (Nanos, 2018, 2) Topics and Learning Objectives Topics Municipal budgets Revenues Expenditures Capital budgets Balancing the budget case study Need for change Learning Objectives : What portion of the total household tax dollars collected in Ontario goes to By the end of this module, you should be able to: Explain the importance of the municipal budget and budget process Describe the main types of municipal operating expenditures Identify the main sources of municipal revenue for operating and capital budgets Explain the challenge of balancing a municipal budget Assess issues associated with key municipal revenue sources and expenditures Identify pressures on municipal finances and options for change Readings Reading Please Note: You can access all non-textbook readings through the One-Stop Course Readings in the Table of Contents in your D2L Brightspace course. Required 1. Taylor, Z. and Dobson, A. . Power and purpose: Canadian municipal law in transition. Chapter 5, Finance, 53. 2. David Miller. . Participant in IMG at 20. Video. Watch from to . Note that Miller is contributing to a celebration of the work of the Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance at the beginning and the end of his remarks please be patient for a minute until he focuses on governance and finance. 3. Please also review pp 97 101 in Spicer, Z. Local government and politics in Ontario, Chapter 6. In The Politics of Ontario. Collier, C.N. and Malloy, J. . Toronto: University of Toronto Press. Note: you read this in Week 6. 4. Slack, E. . Reflections on municipal finance over two decades and thoughts for the future. IMFG 20. Supplementary Kitchen, H., and Slack, E. . More tax sources for Canada s largest cities: Why, what, and how? (Good summary chart on page 27.) Rider, D. (2018, February 17). Municipal sales tax remains cities elusive funding solution. The Toronto Star. What Is a Budget? A budget is an estimate of revenues and expenditures for a particular period, usually 12 months. But municipal budgets are more than that. Budgets are the most important policy document of all levels of government, including local government they set out governments priorities and intentions for the coming year(s). Municipal budgets are part of a planning and management process. They follow from a strategic vision or set of priorities and reflect the short-term goals established by the local council. They link to an accountability, performance, and reporting process on how resources are used and the associated results and outcomes achieved. Budgets are also a key financial management tool of government they identify proposed expenditures, and they allow for monitoring, accountability, and control of how money was spent and where. Budgets directly affect the tax rate and set out charges such as user fees. There are two types of municipal budgets the operating budget and the capital budget. An operating budget reflects the costs and revenues associated with the ongoing, regular operations of the municipal services, programs, administration, and governance processes. Operating budgets must be balanced with expenditures balanced by offsetting revenues because provincial legislation prohibits municipalities from having an operating budget deficit. The capital budget is for large cost items associated with the development of new municipal infrastructure and assets or the replacement of existing ones. These include buildings, roads, vehicles, flood control infrastructure, and major computer systems. These items may be financed through loans, grants from other levels of government, or reserves that municipalities have accumulated over the years for those purposes. The costs of these items are typically amortized, or spread out over a number of years. Some municipalities also have rate supported programs like water or waste management that are separate from the operating and capital budget. The operational and capital needs of these programs are entirely funded by user charges or rates. budget. Most municipalities have a standard budget process that includes: Council-approved guidelines for staff regarding the upcoming budget Internal staff process to develop a draft budget Budget committee a committee of councillors who guide and review the development of the budget Council s final approval of the budget While this looks like a clear and tight process, the reality is anything but! Budget processes in large municipalities can take months, often starting in the fall and continuing into the following year. They are complex processes of estimating, forecasting, planning, balancing, and negotiating among many competing and compelling interests. Residents, community groups, civil society organizations, and businesses can have input on a municipal budget. Often municipalities hold special budget consultations, which provide information on the budget and offer opportunities for community members to ask questions and provide feedback. Community members can also make deputations to committees of council and or the budget committee and can send written feedback to their councillor or to one of the relevant committees. addition to written input. Here are two examples of these deputations: Business as Usual Is Not Enough, the speaking notes for a deputation from Jasmine Ramze Rezaee, Manager of Advocacy of the YWCA Toronto Toronto Budget Committee Deputation, January 2020 , a deputation from Sonya Yalda from the Toronto Youth Cabinet regarding funding for the TTC You are encouraged to look at the budget documentation for your local municipality. Most municipalities encourage public engagement and input, and budget material is often available in clear and plain language. Others have the treasurer s report, or a report from a budget committee, which sets out the various challenges and tradeoffs addressed in the budget. The City of Toronto, and other municipalities, make budget notes and other materials available to community members for service and program areas for example, here is one for Toronto Children s Services for 2020. Local social planning groups, boards of trade business associations, and residents associations are some of the groups that pay particular attention to municipal budget processes. You might also look at the websites of some these groups in your municipality to see their coverage and analysis of the most Other Approaches to Municipal Budgeting The typical approach to budgeting is one where the municipality, with opportunities for some public input, develops the budget, which then moves through the political approval process. Once approved, the budget is administered by staff. Many municipalities are opening up their budget processes to greater levels of engagement. Calgary has a process that includes surveys and questionnaires to rate city services, and then a vote on priorities. The city also has an app to inform residents about the budget and budget process and to support online discussion. Some municipalities are going further and trying a different approach to budgeting that features greater engagement in determining the municipal priorities and shaping how the money is spent. Participatory budgeting is different from regular budgeting because it gives community members the power to shape priorities and decide how some of the money is used. Participatory budgeting was first used in Porto Alegre, Brazil in the late 1980s. This city faced many challenges, including poor infrastructure, poverty, corruption, and limited engagement in local issues. Porto Alegre introduced a process where residents worked together to identify local needs and agree on the priorities, which then became part of the municipal budget. As a result of the process, municipal spending priorities changed, engagement increased, and corruption was reduced because there was greater awareness and accountability for how the money would be used. In addition, a World Bank review found that Porto Alegre had a 20 increase in sewer and water connections and a quadrupling of schools; the UN-Habitat declared participatory budgeting a best practice (as reported in Flynn, 2016). Since the successful Porto Alegre experience, municipalities in Canada and the U.S. have introduced participatory budgeting. Toronto Community Housing, one of the first public sector organizations in Canada to use participatory budgeting in 2001, now allocates funds in both its capital and operating budget for residents to administer. Since 2005, the City of Guelph grants an amount from the municipal budget to a local organization in support of a resident-led process to determine how the money will be spent. A City of Toronto pilot project in three wards between 2015 and 2017 demonstrated interest in greater levels of engagement in local budgeting and improvements but found that the process required high levels of support and resulted in frustration among residents when there weren t enough resources to meet all the community needs (City of Toronto, 2019). There are three main sources of revenue for operating budgets of municipalities in Canada: Property taxes accounted for an average of 48 of municipal revenues in Canada in 2016 (Johal, 2019, 4). In comparison, property taxes represented 32 of operating revenues in the City of : Property taxes Toronto in 2018 (City of Toronto, 2019, 39). Transfers, grants, and subsidies accounted for an average of 19 of municipal revenues in Canada in 2016 (Johal, 2019, 4). In comparison, transfers and grants represented 18 of operating revenues in the City of Toronto in 2018 . Other municipal revenues, including user fees, account for an average of 30 of municipal revenues in Canada in 2016 (a final 3 came from interest and transfers) (Johal, 2019, 4). In comparison, user fees represented 28 of operating revenues; other revenues, including other taxes, fines, permits, and fees were a further 13 in Toronto in 2018 . Municipalities can t just decide to impose a new tax or fee if they need more money. They must receive permission, through provincial legislation, to introduce the tax or fee. The table below shows the sources of municipal revenue, including property taxes and other own source revenues that are permitted in each province. It is important to note that municipalities currently use many but not all of them. For example, Toronto does not have a vehicle registration tax it was introduced in 2008 and eliminated in 2011 although the city has the authority to reintroduce one in the future without provincial permission. Source Tax on real property Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes User fees Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes License, franchise, permit fees Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Fines and penalties Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Business tax Yes Yes Yes Yes Accommodation levies and fees Yes Yes Hali- fax Yes St. John s : Transfers, grants, and subsidies from another level of government : Other municipal revenues, including user fees, fines, permits, or other taxes Source Land transfer tax Yes Tor- onto Yes Yes Vehicle registration tax Tor- onto Billboard tax Winn- ipeg Tor- onto Electricity and natural gas consumption Winn- ipeg Poll tax Yes Source: Taylor and Dobson, 2020, 45 46. Municipal revenues can be fixed, where municipalities have little or no control of the revenue, such as grants or transfers from another level of government. Revenues can be variable, such as user fees, property taxes, and licenses, where the level of revenue varies based on the environment, the economic climate, or locally determined policy. Assessing Revenue Services What Is a Good Source of Revenue? Good sources of revenue are equitable, efficient, reliable, stable, and predictable. We need to ask the following questions: Is the revenue source fair and equitable? Equity can be assessed two ways: we can consider horizontal equity, whether people or households with similar income levels or situations are treated the same way, and vertical equity, where we assess whether all people or households are treated the same way and the impact of the revenue tool is equitable across the full population. Is the revenue source efficient? Is the revenue source internally efficient to delivery and administer, i.e., it doesn t cost more to administer than the revenue it generates. Is the revenue source externally efficient, with no negative impact on the economy or the community, i.e., it doesn t result in shifts in spending or activity that have negative implications for the community or for the anticipated revenue. : How do we assess the different revenue sources? Is the revenue source matched to the spending? The benefit principle stresses the importance of linking the type of revenue source to the type of spending (Kitchen and Slack, 206). Is the revenue source reliable, stable, and predictable? Is the revenue source visible, transparent, and accountable to the people who pay the tax? Let s look at two recent new taxes introduced in the City of Toronto to assess whether they are good Land Transfer Tax The municipal land transfer tax was introduced in 2008 in Toronto. It applies to buyers of property in Toronto and is calculated on a five-point sliding scale, based on the sale value of the property. In 2018, the tax brought in 730 million (a reduction from the 805 the previous year) or 5.3 of the 2018 operating budget (City of Toronto, 2019, 40). The tax is in addition to a pre-existing provincial land transfer tax. The answer is: not really. The tax on the transfer of land, based on a home sale, has no relationship to the benefits received from the tax the purchaser does not receive services because the revenues go into the general municipal revenues. The tax applies only to those purchasing property; those who remain in their homes or who rent don t pay the tax. The tax is not stable there is no way of predicting the number of homes that will be sold or the tax revenues associated with the sale values of the properties. In addition, the land transfer tax may introduce an incentive for homeowners not to move, which would have implications for the economy, impacting real estate agents, lawyers, movers, home renovators, etc. It is somewhat progressive with five rates of taxation based on a property s market value. Vehicle Registration Tax The 60 year vehicle registration tax was introduced by the City of Toronto in 2008. The goal was ultimately to direct the funds to car-related city services . It was estimated that the tax, which was to be phased in, would bring in 50 60 million per year. The tax was eliminated in 2011. The vehicle registration tax was fairly predictable and stable. The tax connected with driving a car and use of municipal transportation infrastructure and was intended to be used to support car- related services. At 60, it would not have an impact on vehicle ownership and it was priced at half : Is the land transfer tax a good revenue source? : Was the vehicle registration tax a good tax? the pre-existing provincial vehicle registration fee. The tax may have increased the incentive for car owners to use transit, but the tax wasn t onerous and any incentive would be limited. The vehicle registration tax was a flat fee that didn t take income into account, although it may have had a greater impact on wealthier households with more than one car. It was easy to collect. Before we look deeper at the three main sources of municipal revenue, let s review two terms that are used frequently in tax policy discussions. 1. Progressive taxation is when the rate of taxation rises with the ability to pay (usually income) a higher income person would pay a higher tax rate than the rate levied on a lower income person. 2. Regressive taxation is when the rate of taxation or the amount of tax remains constant regardless of the ability to pay, with the result that a higher income person will pay a lower portion of their income in tax than a lower income person. As you move through the discussion of the three revenue sources, consider whether they are progressive or regressive. Property Tax From their early beginnings to the present day, municipalities have raised most of their revenue through the property tax. The property tax is a tax on real estate, including land and building structures. Originally, funds raised from property taxes were used to pay for local property-related services, such as roads, fire services, and municipal infrastructure. However, over time, as municipalities assumed greater responsibilities, the taxes are now used to support property- and non-property-related services. Property taxes vary depending on whether the property is residential, commercial, industrial, or agricultural. Did You Know? Canada is an outlier among advanced economies in its reliance on property taxes to fund local governments. In 2017, local property tax revenues accounted for 3.2 percent of GDP in Canada, one of only two Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development member nations with a share above 3.0 percent (Johal, 2019, 5). Property taxes are paid by property owners, including those who own condominiums. Tenants also pay property taxes as part of their rent, but it isn t clearly distinguished and the bill doesn t go directly to them, with the result that they often don t know that they also contribute property taxes. The result is that home and condo owners are generally more interested in and knowledgeable about property tax and municipal issues and have a higher voter turnout in municipal elections than tenants. Property taxes are the largest source of own source revenue for local governments. Their importance in terms of total municipal revenues varies with the level of provincial support for municipalities. Largely, revenue from property taxes must make up the difference between provincial (and federal) grants and transfers and the cost of municipal services and programs. Some go so far as to suggest that the municipal tax rates reflect provincial policy and support for municipalities. How Are Property Taxes Calculated? Property taxes are based on the assessed value of property plus improvements. The responsibility for assessing the value of properties varies province to province. Assessment is a provincial responsibility in Ontario, delegated to a provincial special purpose body, the Municipal Property Assessment Corporation . Every proper
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]: unicipal finances? Why? In your opinion, what needs to be done to better position municipalities for a fiscally sustainable and stable future? What two or three changes would you make and why? Please see the Week 8 discussion topic in your D2L course for further instructions. Note: You can access the Discussion Forums and Topics from the Communications menu in your D2L course. Please make sure that your participation in all discussion forums adheres to the Toronto Metropolitan University online etiquette guidelines listed in the Course Outline. There is no assignment due this week. CBC. (2010, May 10). Highlights of the Walkerton inquiry report. (2014, March 4). Springhill to dissolve as town due to economic pressures.Nova Scotia. 2559 City of Toronto. . 2 City of Toronto annual financial report PDF . (2019, January 31). Toronto s participatory budgeting pilot evaluation PDF . Submission to Budget Committee from the City Manager. (2019, November 4). The future ain t what it used to be: The 8th annual IMFG Toronto City Manager s address PDF . City of Toronto. Presentation at the Institute for Municipal Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs. 2 Issue Briefing: The city s operating revenue base. andtext As 20of 20September 202018 2C 20resale,the 20same 20period 20last 20year Fanelli, C. . Under pressure: How public policy is constraining Ontario municipalities PDF . Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives. pdf Federation of Canadian Municipalities. (2019, Spring). Everything is local, the role of municipalities in Canadians lives and opinions about new funding tools PDF . Federation of Canadian Municipalities and Abacus Data. pdf Federation of Canadian Municipalities . Infrastructure. (2019, May 1). Paterson joins other mayors to call out provincial cuts. The Kingston Whig Standard. (2016, February). Participatory budgeting not a one-size-fits-all approach. Public Sector Digest. (2019, September). The case for growing the Gas Tax Fund. finance in Canada PDF . Federation of Canadian Municipalities . , Alwani, K., Thirgood, J. and Spiro, P. (2019, April 2). Rethinking municipal finance for the new economy PDF . Mowat Centre. pdf Kitchen, H. and Slack, E. . More tax sources for Canada s largest cities : Why, what, and how? PDF . and Governance, University of Toronto. pdf Lewington, J. (2008, September 1). New Toronto tax on cars, motorbikes rolls out. The Globe and Mail. (2013, January). Canada s infrastructure gap: Where it came from and why it will cost so much to close PDF . Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives. pdf MileIQ. (2020, June 24). How to calculate commercial property tax. Mintz, J. M. (2006, February 1). Running on empty: A proposal to improve city finances. C.D. Howe Institute. (2018, July). A majority of Ontarians feel municipal governments should receive a greater share of taxes; feel infrastructure and transportation are the biggest problem facing their municipality. Ontario Survey Summary. Association of Municipalities of Ontario . Palameta, B. and Macredie, I. . Property taxes relative to income PDF . Statistics Canada, Perspectives. Catalogue -001-XIE. Retreived from 001-x 10305 7796-eng.pdf?st 4zhI1wwb Slack, E. . Financing local governments in the 21st century: Going back to first principles. Presentation to Local Government New South Wales Finance Summit, August 27 28, 2015, Sydney Australia. (2017, September 13). Non-tax revenues in municipal government in Canada PDF . Presentation to the delegation from the People s Republic of China. Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. T. and Conger, B.W. (2015, November). An exploration into the municipal capacity to finance capital infrastructure PDF . SPP Research Papers, 8(38). The School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. pdf Taylor, Z. and Dobson, A. . Power and purpose: Canadian municipal law in transition PDF . IFMG Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy. University of Toronto. pdf Werner, K. (2020, January 30). Ontario s public health cuts mean higher taxes for Hamiltonians. Stoney Creek News.","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:40:31.542Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:28.939Z"},{"id":137,"originalName":"CherylN.CollierJonat_2024_ThePoliticsofOntarioSecondEdition.pdf","displayName":"CherylN.CollierJonat_2024_ThePoliticsofOntarioSecondEdition.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 8 - Mar 7-13/Reading/CherylN.CollierJonat_2024_ThePoliticsofOntarioSecondEdition.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":7520151,"folder":"week-8-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:31.473Z"},{"id":138,"originalName":"IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf","displayName":"IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 8 - Mar 7-13/Reading/IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1177012,"folder":"week-8-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":123,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Power and Purpose: in Transition IMFG P M F G N . Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson Power and Purpose: in Transition By Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy University of Toronto 1 Devonshire Place Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5S 3K7 e-mail contact: Series editors: Tomas Hachard and Philippa Campsie Copyright held by authors About the Urban Project The Urban Project is an initiative led by the Federation of Canadian Municipalities that brings city leaders together with other levels of government, academia, civil society, and the private sector to identify actionable and scalable solutions to the biggest challenges facing Canada s cities. With generous support from Maytree, Metcalf Foundation, McConnell Foundation, and TD Bank Group, IMFG has commissioned a series of papers focused on municipal legislative and fiscal autonomy, governance, and intergovernmental relations, drawing on discussions convened by the Urban Project. About IMFG The Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance is an academic research hub and non-partisan think tank based in the Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy at the University of Toronto. IMFG focuses on the fiscal health and governance challenges facing large cities and city- regions. Its objective is to spark and inform public debate, and to engage the academic and policy communities around important issues of municipal finance and governance. The Institute conducts original research on issues facing cities in Canada and around the world; promotes high-level discussion among Canada s government, academic, corporate, and community leaders through conferences and roundtables; and supports graduate and post- graduate students to build Canada s cadre of municipal finance and governance experts. It is the only institute in Canada that focuses solely on municipal finance issues in large cities and city-regions. IMFG is funded by the Province of Ontario, the City of Toronto, the Regional Municipality of York, the Regional Municipality of Halton, Avana Capital Corporation, and Maytree. Authors Dr. Zack Taylor is Assistant Professor of Political Science and Director of the Centre for Urban Policy and Local Governance at Western University. He is a Fellow at the Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance in the Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy at the University of Toronto and non-practising Registered Professional Planner. Alec Dobson is formerly a practising lawyer who is now pursuing a Master of Political Science degree at Western University. The authors are grateful for comments from Nevena Dragicevic, Gabriel Eidelman, St phane Disclaimer This paper is not intended to provide legal advice. Legislation and regulations are constantly changing. Discussion of legal documents should be checked against official sources before they are used for professional or other purposes. The paper reflects only the views of the authors. Power and Purpose: in Transition Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson Abstract This overview of municipal law in Canada s 10 provinces identifies similarities and variations among and within provinces in the articulation of municipal purposes and the provincial-municipal relationship, municipal powers and jurisdiction, the organization of municipal institutions, and finance. The paper also comments on asymmetrical arrangements for large cities, commonly referred to as city charters. Far from being static, Canadian municipal law is in a period of transition. The legal scope of municipal authority has expanded over the past 25 years as most provinces have revised their general municipal acts and adopted special laws for major cities. While the overall trend has been toward more permissive authority and the recognition of municipalities as democratic, accountable, and responsible governments, there are significant variations across the provinces, and some have gone further than others in expanding the legal authority of municipalities. We conclude that the practical potential of this wave of legislative reform remains unknown and perhaps unrealized, and requires further research. intergovernmental relations JEL codes: H11, H Table of Contents About the Urban Project v About IMFG v Authors vi Acknowledgements vi Disclaimer vi Abstract 1 Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition 5 1 Introduction 5 1 1 The provincial-municipal relationship: An enduring tension 5 1 2 What is municipal law? 8 1 3 Objectives, scope, and limitations 9 1 4 Outline of the paper 10 2. Defining the Provincial-Municipal Relationship 11 2 1 Statements of purpose 12 2 2 Duty to consult 13 2 3 Summary 14 3 Powers and Jurisdiction 15 3 1 Grant of authority 15 3 1 1 General welfare power 15 3 1 2 Express powers 16 3 1 3 Spheres of jurisdiction 16 3 1 4 Judicial interpretation 19 3 2 Natural person power 20 3 2 1 Uneven extension and limitations 20 3 2 2 Judicial interpretation 21 3 3 Expropriation of property 22 3 3 1 Economic development purposes 23 3 3 2 Ministerial approval 23 3 3 3 Process requirements 23 3 3 4 Judicial interpretation 24 3 4 Asserting the provincial interest 24 3 5 Summary 25 4 Institutions 25 4 1 Provincial oversight of municipal boundary changes 25 4 1 1 Initiation 29 4 1 2 Approval 30 4 2 Power to reorganize representative institutions 31 4 2 1 Head of council: Selection, authority, and duties 32 4 2 2 Establishing and altering wards and ward boundaries 35 4 2 3 Establishing council committees and community councils 38 4 3 Power to determine modes of service delivery 38 4 3 1 Power to create corporations 39 4 4 Ethics, accountability, and transparency 40 4 4 1 Code of conduct for councillors 42 4 4 2 Integrity commissioner 42 4 4 3 Ombudsperson 43 4 5 Protection of councillors from liability 43 4 6 Summary 44 5 Finance 45 5 1 Revenues for operating purposes 45 5.1.1 Property taxes, fees, and fines 45 5 1 2 Business occupancy taxes 47 5 1 3 Other taxes and fees 48 5 2 Revenues for capital purposes 48 5 2 1 Special assessments and local improvement districts 49 5 2 2 Borrowing 50 5 2 3 Development charges, levies, and impact fees 51 5 2 4 Density bonusing 52 5.2.5 Tax increment financing 52 5 3 Summary 52 6. Asymmetrical Arrangements 53 6 1 Detachment 55 6 1 1 The Vancouver Charter, 1953 55 6 1 2 The City of Toronto Act, 2006 56 6 1 3 The City of Winnipeg Charter Act, 2002 57 6 2 Layering 58 6 2 2 Calgary and Edmonton 58 6 3 Summary 59 7 Conclusion 61 7 1 Trends 61 7.2 Observations 63 7.3 Suggestions for further research 64 8. 65 8.1 Documentary sources 65 8.2 Case references 6 List of tables Table 1.1: Significant changes to municipal legislation since the mid- 1990s, including selected additions 6 Table 2.1: Defining the provincial-municipal relationship 1 Table 3 1: Grant of authority 1 Table 3 2: Summary of spheres of jurisdiction in general municipal legislation 1 Table 3 3: Natural person power 2 Table 3 4: Expropriation of property 2 Table 4 1: Boundary change procedures 2 Table 4 2: How municipal heads of council are selected 3 Table 4 3: Authority and duties of the head of council 3 Table 4 4: Municipality s power to organize council without provincial approval 3 Table 4 5: Power to create corporations 3 Table 4 6: Ethical oversight and councillors protection 4 Table 5 1: Sources of revenue enabled for operating purposes in provincial law 4 Table 5 2: Sources of revenue for capital expenditures 4 Table 5 3: Limitations on borrowing 5 List of boxes Box 1 1: General and Special Legislation: A Key Distinction 9 Box 4 1: Home Rule: An American Doctrine 3 Box 5 1: Operating versus Capital Budgets 4 Box 6 1: Natural Person Power in City Charters 5 Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 5 - Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition 1. 1.1 The provincial-municipal relationship: An enduring tension It is frequently said that Canadian municipalities are creatures of the provinces. This is a constitutional fact, identical to American and Australian local governments relationship to their states, and British local authorities relationship to Parliament. In Anglo-American democracies, general-purpose municipalities are public corporations that derive their existence entirely from enactments of sovereign legislatures and exercise only the authority that is delegated to them by law. In the words of former Chief Justice McLachlin in Catalyst Paper Corp. v North Cowichan : Municipalities do not have direct powers under the Constitution. They possess only those powers that provincial legislatures delegate to them. This means that they must act within the legislative constraints the province has imposed on them. If they do not, their decisions or bylaws may be set aside on judicial review ( 1 SCR 5, at para. 11).1 Despite this narrow legal construction of local governments in Canada and elsewhere as corporations, municipalities are also understood to embody a second purpose: as accountable, democratic governing authorities representing localities. Local politicians and community leaders routinely demand greater legal autonomy and fiscal resources and condemn unilateral provincial actions in the local government sphere, arguing that the governments that are closest to local communities are the most sensitive to their needs and will make the best decisions for them. This tension between the central and the local has always been present, and always will be. Since before Confederation, the relationship between provincial and local government has shifted as public expectations of local government, and also the policy needs of an increasingly urban population, have changed. Three distinct trends are evident since the Second World War, and especially since the late 1990s. The first is local empowerment: provinces have generally expanded the scope of authority delegated to local governments, sometimes by adding specific areas of jurisdiction to municipalities express powers. A few have also 1. See also Greenbaum v Toronto, 1 S.C.R. 674, in which the Supreme Court of Canada declared: municipalities are entirely the creatures of provincial statutes. Accordingly, they can exercise only those powers which are explicitly conferred upon them by a provincial statute. See also Ontario Public School Boards Assn. v Ontario (Attorney General), , 1 DLR (4th) 346, in which the Ontario Supreme Court stated: Municipal governments and special purpose municipal institutions such as school boards are creatures of the provincial government. Subject to the constitutional limits in s. 93 of the Constitution Act, 1867, these institutions have no constitutional status or independent autonomy and the province has absolute and unfettered legal power to do with them as it wills. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 6 - granted municipalities a broader, but still limited, general authority to accomplish locally determined ends and several have established separate legal or regulatory frameworks for large cities, sometimes known as city charters. Table 1.1 summarizes major changes to general municipal law and city charters. The chronology suggests that reform originated in Western Canada first before diffusing to Ontario, Quebec, and then to some of the Atlantic provinces. Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador are conspicuous for not following their peers. In addition, several provinces have restructured local government institutions including altering their boundaries to increase the municipal system s fiscal and administrative capacity to make and implement policies and deliver services. Table 1.1: Significant changes to municipal legislation since the mid-1990s, including selected additions Added Year Prov. Statute Natural person power Spheres State- ment of purpose 1 AB Municipal Government Act (Bill 31, comprehensive revision) 1 MB Municipal Act, 1996 (replaced Municipal Act, 1988) 1997 BC Municipal Act amended several times, ultimately renamed the Local Government Act, 2000 prehensive revision) 2 SK Cities Act (Bill 75, comprehen- sive revision replacing Urban Municipality Act, 1984) 2 MB City of Winnipeg Charter Act (Bill 39, replaced City of Winni- peg Act, 1972) 2 BC Community Charter (Bill 14, replaced certain aspects of the Local Government Act; pertains to municipalities only, not regional districts, and not to the City of Vancouver) 2 SK Municipalities Act (Bill 106, amendments to mirror Cities Act, 2002) Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 7 - Table 1.1, continued Added Year Prov. Statute Natural person power Spheres State- ment of purpose 2 ON City of Toronto Act (Bill 53, detached City from general Municipal Act) 130, brought many general line with the City of Toronto Act, 2006) 2 SK Northern Municipalities Act (Bill 110, amendments to mirror Cities Act, 2002, and Municipal- ities Act, 2005) 2 QC An Act mainly to recognize that municipalities are local gov- ernments and to increase their autonomy and powers (Bill 122, an omnibus bill that gave mu- nicipalities additional specific powers) 2 NB Local Governance Act (Bill 44, replaced Municipalities Act, 1973) 2 PE Municipal Government Act (Bill 58, replaced Municipalities Act, 1988, Charlottetown Area Municipalities Act, 1988, City of Summerside Act, 1988) 2 AB City charter regulations for Calgary and Edmonton established that modify the The second trend is provincial policy centralization (Tindal . 2013, 186 189; Feldman 1974; Taylor 2019, 71 77). Provinces use legal mandates and conditional grants to direct or steer local priorities, particularly in housing, social policy, and land-use planning, either to provide a minimum level and consistent standard of service across the greater jurisdiction or to coordinate the policies of proximate local Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 8 - governments. At the same time, provinces make decisions that profoundly affect local government decision-making, including the financing, planning, and operation of large-scale infrastructure systems and facilities, such as highways and transit lines, trunk water and sewer systems, electricity production and distribution systems, and facilities such as hospitals and courthouses. On the face of it, local empowerment and provincial policy centralization embody contradictory impulses. Local governments have more authority and the capacity to exercise it than ever before, yet unilateral provincial government intervention in municipal affairs sometimes strategic, sometimes arbitrary continues. In certain domains, municipalities are policy takers, functioning as the field offices of provincial ministries; in others, they are policy makers, devising innovative solutions to local problems. Canadian governance is a web of federal, provincial, local, and Indigenous governments, agencies, and other public bodies whose authority, resources, and capacities are interwoven in complex ways. Provincial intervention and municipal autonomy inevitably coexist. Nevertheless, the question of whether the configuration of the provincial-municipal relationship reflects contemporary values and meets current needs is perennial. This paper informs this discussion by providing a comparative survey of the provincial statutory frameworks that govern municipalities. While we do not systematically review case law in this paper, the third trend is the expansion of judicial deference to local legislation. Since the 1990s, the Supreme Court of Canada has tended to interpret municipal action more generously, although it has not read a protected sphere of local self-governance into the constitution. 1.2 What is municipal law? Broadly construed, the body of municipal law includes all legislation, regulations, policy guidelines, and judicial and tribunal decisions that enable, constrain, and otherwise influence the activities of municipal corporations. Within this wide net, arriving at a precise number of provincial statutes that touch on the municipal domain is difficult. statutes that do so in Ontario, while the Association of Municipalities of Ontario estimates the number at 280. 2 And this does not include federal statutes on matters such as environmental and labour standards or public housing. A stricter definition includes only provincial statutes that establish the existence and primary authority of municipal corporations.3 This body of law is the focus of this paper. Box 1.1 highlights distinctions between general and special legislation in the municipal field. 2. Correspondence with the Association of Municipalities of Ontario, 8 October 2019. 3. The creation and empowerment of municipalities can occur through separate legal instruments. In Saskatchewan and British Columbia, a general statute empowers the executive to incorporate municipalities by order-in-council; however, the jurisdiction and authority of such municipalities is defined by the general act. Ontario and other provinces have used special laws to establish new municipalities (including through amalgamation), which draw their authority from a general Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 9 - Box 1.1: General and Special Legislation: A Key Distinction Readers should note a technical distinction between two types of legislation general and special which is more commonly made in the United States than in Canada. Special legislation applies to a specific person or corporation General legislation, by contrast, applies to all subjects in the polity or a defined class (see Binney 1893). This distinction should not be confused with that between public and private legislation. The City of Toronto Act, 2006, and the Vancouver Incorporation Act, 1886, are special statutes because they each apply to one municipality only. Ontario s Municipal Act, 2001, is a unified general statute that applies to all municipalities except for the City of Toronto. Saskatchewan takes a less unified approach. It has separate general statutes for three categories of municipal corporations: cities, rural municipalities, and northern municipalities. the Cities and Towns Act applies to larger, urban ones. Both specify processes of incorporation and boundary change, as well as institutions and procedures. The grant of authority which defines municipal jurisdiction, however, is contained in a separate general Municipal Powers Act. 1.3 Objectives, scope, and limitations This paper examines the organization and scope of municipalities authority and responsibilities as defined in provincial laws to present an accessible, systematic, up-to-date comparison of provincial statutes that reveals commonality and variation across the country perhaps the first such comparison since Lidstone and Garcea . We do not systematically assess the degree to which municipalities make use of their authority. Indeed, municipalities may not fully exploit their legal authority. Such an assessment would require close examination of specific municipalities more than 3,000 in Canada and is beyond the scope of this paper. Rather, our goal is to describe the content of provincial legal frameworks for municipal government, focusing especially on comprehensive revisions to general municipal legislation made since the 1990s. Our coverage is necessarily selective. Of the many types of local public authorities in Canada school boards, watershed management boards, local improvement districts, and so on our focus is on general-purpose municipalities. Moreover, in keeping with the objectives of the Urban Project, our focus is on the enabling and constraining aspects of provincial legislation: what statute law directly empowers municipalities to do and what it prevents them from We do not discuss statutes ancillary to this focus, such as legislation governing the conduct of municipal elections, nor do we discuss municipalities regulatory authority over land use, private businesses, and building standards, provincially regulated pooled Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 10 - To catalogue these intricacies across the 10 provinces would be impracticable and obscure the broad patterns and trends we seek to identify. Finally, our focus is on statutory provisions, not case law, although we reference judicial interpretations of legislation from time to time. 1.4 Outline of the paper The remainder of the paper is divided into six sections: Section 2, Defining the Provincial-Municipal Relationship, discusses the recent adoption of statutory provisions that define or regulate the provincial-municipal relationship. In several provinces, statutes have been amended to recognize municipalities as a level or order of government or as democratic governments, to specify the purpose of local government, and to establish a provincial duty to consult municipalities before making decisions that affect them, including recognizing the role of municipal associations as interlocutors. Section 3, Powers and Jurisdiction, outlines the powers and areas of jurisdiction authorized in general municipal legislation Municipal Acts and equivalents that define the authority of all general-purpose local governments within each province or territory or of specific categories of municipalities. In Section 4, Institutions, we review statutory provisions governing institutional structures: municipal incorporation, internal organization, boundary changes, the organization of municipal councils, the authority to enter into formal relationships with other bodies, and municipal accountability. We focus on the differences in whether municipalities are empowered to create separate corporations, some of the options available to municipalities to provide services, the methods prescribed for the selection of municipal heads of council, the powers available to heads of council, the independent ability of municipalities to organize their own political structure, statutory measures respecting ethical standards and the accountability of municipal councillors, and legislative protections for municipal politicians. Section 5, Finance, catalogues the range of revenue sources authorized by provincial legislation for operating and capital purposes, including the scope of and Section 6, Asymmetrical Arrangements, describes several provinces use of special legislation and regulation to establish idiosyncratic powers, jurisdiction, and requirements for large cities, commonly referred to as city charters. In some cases, these charters have removed specific municipalities from the application of general municipal legislation so that the municipality s authority is derived from the special law; in others they take the form of special laws or regulations layered over the general framework. In the Conclusion we discuss variations in local government laws among provinces, identify trends, and draw conclusions for the future. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 11 - 2. A central task of provincial legal frameworks for local government is to define the relationship between a province and its municipalities. Yet for most of Canada s history, provinces did not articulate in their statutes an explicit purpose for local governments beyond specifying their specific functions, nor did they set out rules of engagement for provincial-municipal interactions. This absence makes more sense if we appreciate that in the British constitutional and legal tradition, municipal governments originated as corporations whose voting shareholders were local burghers or landowners and that until the 19th century, there was no legal distinction between public and private corporations. Only with the extension of the electoral franchise to the general adult population rather than property owners only (a process that in some Canadian provinces remained incomplete until well after the Second World War) did municipal councils become democratic, accountable, and representative bodies in any meaningful sense. Moreover, it was only in the postwar period, as the fiscal entanglements and principal-agent relationships between provinces and municipalities multiplied, that provincial-municipal interaction became understood as a form of intergovernmental relations parallel to, or nested within, Canadian federalism. At the same time, provincial-municipal relations increasingly involved the formalized interaction of provincial governments with municipal associations at an executive or political level . This context helps us understand why provinces have only recently added explicit articulations of municipalities purpose and democratic function, as well as a recognition of intergovernmental relationships, to general municipal laws (see Table 2.1).4 Each of these additions is discussed in turn. Table 2.1: Defining the provincial-municipal relationship Statement of municipali- ties purpose Good government Provide services Safe and viable community 4. For ease of interpretation, summary tables in which information is presented by province are organized in order from west to east. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 12 - Table 2.1, continued Foster wellbeing Wise stewardship of public assets Public par- ticipation Intermunic- ipal collabora- tion Responsible and accountable X Provincial duty to con- sult X In preamble 2.1 Statements of purpose Labrador being conspicuous exceptions include a statement of the purpose of local government. Some provinces emphasize providing good government and public services. Laws in Alberta, Saskatchewan (mirrored in the Cities Act and the Municipalities Act), Manitoba, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island contain almost identical phrasing: The purposes of a municipality are (a) to provide good government; (b) to provide services, facilities or other things that, in the opinion of the council of the municipality, are necessary or desirable for all or a part of the municipality; and (c) to develop and maintain safe and viable communities. Some provinces include additional items. Saskatchewan and Prince Edward Island add providing for stewardship of the municipality s public assets. Alberta adds to foster the well-being of the environment, while Saskatchewan and New Brunswick include to foster economic, social and environmental well-being. Curiously, given the commonly held notion that local government s superior accessibility to the public is an important virtue and rationale for its existence, Prince Edward Island is alone among the provinces in making encouraging and enabling public participation in matters affecting the municipality a basic purpose. Alberta Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 13 - is unique in mentioning intermunicipal collaboration: to work collaboratively with neighbouring municipalities to plan, deliver and fund intermunicipal services. Other provinces use wording that acknowledges municipalities as accountable and responsible democratic authorities, and even an order of government. The Nova Scotia Municipal Government Act states in its preamble that the Province recognizes that municipalities have legislative authority and responsibility with respect to the matters dealt with in this Act and that municipalities are a responsible order of government accountable to the people. Similarly, Ontario s Municipal Act states that Municipalities are created by the Province of Ontario to be responsible and accountable governments with respect to matters within their jurisdiction and each municipality is given powers and duties under this Act and many other Acts for the purpose of providing good government with respect to those matters. British Columbia s Community Charter goes perhaps the furthest in stating that Municipalities and their councils are recognized as an order of government within their jurisdiction that (a) is democratically elected, autonomous, responsible, and accountable, (b) is established and continued by the will of the residents of their communities, and (c) provides for the municipal purposes of their communities. Qu bec s Municipal Powers Act and Cities and Towns Act do not articulate a purpose for local government. However, the preamble to Qu bec s omnibus Bill 122, An Act Mainly to Recognize that Municipalities are Local Governments and to Increase Their Autonomy and Powers (2017, c. 13), states that the National Assembly recognizes that municipalities are, in the exercise of their powers, local governments that are an integral part of the Qu bec State and that elected municipal officers have the necessary legitimacy, from a representative democracy perspective, to govern according to their powers and responsibilities. 2.2 Duty to consult British Columbia and Ontario have also legislated a duty on the part of the province to consult municipalities, individually or collectively, before making decisions that affect them. Building on its recognition of municipalities as an order of government, section 2 of British Columbia s Community Charter articulates principles to govern the relationship between the province and municipalities: mutual respect, a duty to consult, and a commitment to resolving conflict through negotiation. Section 3(1) of Ontario s Municipal Act states that The Province of Ontario endorses the principle of ongoing consultation between the Province and municipalities in relation to matters of mutual interest and, consistent with this principle, the Province shall consult with municipalities in accordance with a memorandum of understanding entered into between the Province and the Association of Municipalities of Ontario. 5 Yet in the Ontario Court of Appeal s decision on the 5. This is paralleled in the City of Toronto Act, 2006: The Province of Ontario endorses the principle that it is in the best interests of the Province and the City to work together in a relationship based Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 14 - provincial government s reorganization of Toronto s ward boundaries in 2018, the province s neglect of this obligation did not prevent its acting unilaterally.6 While not obliging the province to consult with municipalities, Qu bec law Territoire, s. 21). Other provinces, including Alberta and Qu bec, have also adopted memoranda of understanding with municipal associations or individual municipalities that establish a duty to consult, either generally or on specific tasks. In 2015, the Government of Alberta, the Alberta Urban Municipalities Association, and the Alberta Association of Municipal Districts and Counties (now known as Rural Municipalities of Alberta) established a framework MOU to regulate mutual consultation during the review of the Municipal Government Act (Government of Alberta 2015). major metropolis of Qu bec and conferred additional powers and resources on it, the from the province to the municipality (Government of Qu bec 2016). 2.3 Summary The potential legal effect of the explicit articulation of municipal purposes, including their recognition as accountable and responsible governments, is unclear, because it has not been the subject of significant judicial interpretation. The Toronto ward boundary case suggests that these changes do not affect provincial governments constitutional supremacy over municipal affairs. the legal creations of provincial legislatures, which may alter their powers and institutions as they see fit. These statements may, however, play an important symbolic role insofar as they support provisions that delegate specific authority to municipalities (see Section 3) and underlie formalized intergovernmental relationships such as memoranda At a general level, statutory recognition of municipalities democratic function sets a collaborative and respectful tone that departs from the traditional framing of municipal governments as constitutionally subordinate policy takers. on mutual respect, consultation and co-operation. (s. 1(2)) and For the purposes of maintaining such a relationship, it is in the best interests of the Province and the City to engage in ongoing consultations with each other about matters of mutual interest and to do so in accordance with an agreement between the Province and the City. (s. 1(3)). 6. Toronto v Ontario (Attorney General), 2 ONCA 732. In his dissent, Justice MacPherson agreed with the majority that there was no implied protection for local governments from provincial interference in the unwritten constitution; however, he also recognized that the province did not act on its obligation to consult with the City of Toronto on important matters that affect it (ss. 107 108). Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 15 - 3. Powers and Jurisdiction 3.1 Grant of authority All municipal legislation contains a grant of authority, that is, a set of provisions that delegate to municipalities particular roles and responsibilities. These can be more or less general in their construction, at one extreme enabling municipalities to perform only enumerated functions, at the other defining general fields within which municipalities have broad discretion. Grants of authority are both enabling and constraining, in that they not only create municipal authority, they also limit it to certain subjects and circumscribe its use. Broadly speaking, grants of authority have become more expansive since the 1990s, when the cycle of statutory modernization began with Alberta s revised This section discusses provisions found in general municipal legislation, that is, legislation applying to all municipalities or categories of municipalities. So-called big city charters are discussed in Section 6. 3.1.1 General welfare power A municipality s general welfare power typically refers to an omnibus provision in the provincial enabling statute giving municipalities power to act for their own well- being, and for the well-being of their residents. Provincial legislation uses a variety of phrases to describe the general welfare power of municipalities. Alberta s Municipal Government Act gives municipalities power to pass bylaws for the safety, health and welfare of people and the protection of people and property (s. 7). The Municipal Powers Act of Qu bec gives local municipalities the power to pass bylaws to ensure peace, order, good government, and the general welfare of its citizens (s. 85). The Ontario Municipal Act empowers municipalities to pass bylaws for the economic, social and environmental well-being of the municipality, and the health, safety and well-being of persons (s. 11). Elsewhere, the general welfare power arises by implication through an interrelationship between the statutory purposes of the municipality described in the empowering statute(s) and the powers afforded to the municipality to achieve its purposes. For example, in British Columbia, sections 3 and 4(1) of the Community Charter provide that: 3. The purposes of this Act are to provide municipalities and their councils with (b) the authority and discretion to address existing and future community needs, and (c) the flexibility to determine the public interest of their communities and to respond to different needs and changing circumstances of their communities; and 4 (1). The powers conferred on municipalities and their councils under this Act or the Local Government Act must be interpreted broadly in accordance with the purposes of those Acts and in accordance with municipal purposes. Newfoundland and Labrador is the only province that does not grant its municipalities an omnibus general welfare power. While the province has held Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 16 - consultations on modernizing its municipal laws , it has not yet done so. 3.1.2 Express powers Before the 1990s, and dating back to the colonial period, most municipal legislation restrictively defined municipalities jurisdiction by enumerating lists of discrete powers (Lidstone 2007, 402 403). Municipalities were authorized to perform only those functions that were expressly included hence its characterization as the express powers doctrine. This approach was reinforced by the Canadian courts prior to the 1990s, which Makuch, Craik, and Meisk describe as follows: The courts, as a result of this inferior legal position, have traditionally interpreted narrowly statutes respecting grants of powers to municipalities. This approach may be described as Dillon s Rule, which states that a municipality may exercise only those powers expressly conferred by statute, those powers necessarily or fairly implied by the express power in the statute, and those indispensable powers essential and not merely convenient to the effectuation of the purposes of the corporation. Listing express powers has the advantage of affording municipalities certainty that bylaws and regulations passed in conformity with the enumerated powers will not be found to be ultra vires that is, beyond municipal jurisdiction. Yet no list of express powers can be exhaustive. In Canada, as in the United States, the need to adapt to changing circumstances has led municipalities to petition the legislature for amendments to general legislation or for special legislation to permit additional functions. The consequent burden on legislative committees spurred the creation of municipal boards and departments and ministries of municipal affairs in the early 20th century (Taylor 2019, 57 59). Table 3.1: Grant of authority Power General welfare power Express powers Spheres of juris- diction ( ) X (13) X (9) X (8) X (18) X (11) X (8) X (18) X (21) 3.1.3 Spheres of jurisdiction In the 1990s, provincial governments began to amend their municipal laws to grant municipalities authority over broadly defined categories, called spheres of jurisdiction, Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 17 - with fewer supplementary express powers. This legislative scheme is now used in the municipal statutes of eight provinces, with considerable provincial variation, and in some separate city statutes, including those for Winnipeg (a hybrid form), Toronto, and Montr al. Nevertheless, as Table 3.1 shows, all provincial statutes retain some express powers that apply to specific municipal needs. The number and specificity of spheres has increased over time. While Alberta s 1994 statute the first to establish spheres of jurisdiction (LeSage and McMillan 2008, 16) contains nine, more recent municipal legislation contains even more. New Brunswick s Local Governance Act, which came into effect in 2018, has 18 spheres, and Prince Edward Island s 2 Municipal Government Act specifies 21 spheres. General municipal laws in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador do not provide for spheres of jurisdiction. For a summary of the spheres identified in each province s legislation, see Table 3.2. In British Columbia, the Community Charter distinguishes between spheres exclusive to municipal governments and spheres shared by the province and municipalities, which require provincial sanction (s. 9). The British Columbia Court of Appeal has commented on the impact of the concurrent spheres in the Canadian Plastic Bag Association case, in which the Court of Appeal quashed a Victoria city council bylaw made without provincial approval. (As of this writing, Victoria is seeking leave to appeal the decision to the Supreme Court of Canada.) Further, in British Columbia, neither the Local Government Act (which governs the powers available to regional districts and electoral areas) nor the Vancouver Charter describe spheres of powers; instead, these two statutes rely on the enumeration of detailed express powers. In Ontario, the Municipal Act, 2001, sets forth 11 broad permissive powers, or spheres of jurisdiction (s. 11(3)), which can be exercised by lower-tier or upper- tier municipalities, as well as rules prescribing the division of authority in two- tier systems (s. 11(4)). In addition, the Act sets out eight matters under which municipalities can pass bylaws (s. 11(2)). Ontario s Municipal Act, 2001, and the City of Toronto Act, 2006, include other specific express powers. eight fields and further express powers to local municipalities and regional county municipalities. Table 3.2: Summary of spheres of jurisdiction in general municipal legislation of provs. Number of subjects 14 9 12 18 11 8 18 2 Public places and activities, culture 8 Animals 7 Business activ- ities 7 Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 18 - Table 3.2, continued of provs. Number of subjects 14 9 12 18 11 8 18 2 Transport sys- tems 7 Public utilities 7 Welfare, safety, and protection of people 7 Nuisances 7 Municipal ser- vices 4 Enforcement of bylaws 4 Buildings 4 Natural environ- ment 4 Streets 4 Vehicles and pedestrians 3 Explosives blast- ing 3 Economic devel- opment 3 Maintaining safe properties 3 Vehicle parking 3 Soil displace- ment 2 Drainage 2 Buildings and vacant dwellings maintenance 2 Public health and sanitation 2 Weapons fire- arms 2 Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 19 - Table 3.2, continued of provs. Number of subjects 14 9 12 18 11 8 18 2 Cemeteries 2 Building removal 2 Peace, order, and good govern- ment 2 Expropriation and property dealings 2 Condominium conversions X 1 Works along roads X 1 Off road vehicles X 1 Fire fighting X 1 Managing waste X 1 Libraries X 1 Police X 1 Pension and benefit plans X 1 Note: Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador are omitted because they do not establish spheres of jurisdiction. 3.1.4 Judicial interpretation Before the 1990s, municipal powers were usually interpreted narrowly to constrain a municipality s power to illegitimately restrict or control its residents common- or civil-law rights (Lidstone 2007, 403 404). Lidstone argues that the broad interpretation of the municipal general welfare power began to gain acceptance at the time of the Supreme Court of Canada s decision in the Shell Canada Products case. In that decision, the dissent, written by Justice McLachlin, urged that courts adopt a generous, deferential standard of review toward the decisions of municipalities in part because a generous approach to municipal powers is arguably more in keeping with the true nature of modern municipalities (Lidstone 2007, 405 406). Following the Shell Canada Products decision, the Supreme Court of Canada has tended to adopt the reasoning of the minority in that case, and has given impugned Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 20 - municipal bylaws a broad and deferential interpretation in the Rascal Trucking, Spraytech, and United Taxi Drivers decisions (see Makuch and Schuman 2015, s. 1). Nevertheless, the provinces retain constitutional authority over municipalities within the fields of provincial jurisdiction, as shown in the 2019 decision of the Ontario Court of Appeal in the Toronto city wards case (Toronto v Ontario). (As of this writing, Toronto is seeking leave to appeal this decision to the Supreme Court of Canada.) 3.2 Natural person power Natural person power enables a corporation to act as an individual in areas such as entering contracts, suing or being sued, hiring and firing employees, and taking any other corporate acts not prohibited by law. During the 1970s, most provinces modernized their corporation laws to give business corporations expansive powers akin to those of a human being in legal terms, a natural person (St. Paul ). In recognition of municipalities legal status as corporations empowered to exercise powers on behalf of their electors and residents, some provincial governments extended natural person power to municipalities to mimic the powers of provincially mandated business corporations. The grant of natural person power does not create new enumerated powers or spheres of jurisdiction, but potentially expands the municipality s ability to act independently within its areas of jurisdiction as established in provincial law. 3.2.1 Uneven extension and lim
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]: er, and an expansive general welfare power enable a broad scope of municipal action that has been Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 62 - generously interpreted by the courts. While the pace of change has been uneven across the country, the trend has been toward greater empowerment and permissive application. Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador are conspicuous in having neither established spheres of jurisdiction nor conferred natural person powers. 3. The courts have increasingly demonstrated a generous interpretation of municipal authority. The courts have not only tested the limits of local authority, but also expanded the legal meaning of grants of authority. While sustaining the constitutional construction of municipalities as creatures of the provinces, the judicial interpretation of local bylaws has become more generous and deferential since the dissent by Justice McLachlin in the Supreme Court of Canada s 1 Shell decision, in which she stated that Courts should not be quick to substitute their views for those of elected council members on what will best serve the welfare of the city s citizens. The current and potential effect of more expansive judicial interpretation is not fully known, but, as we note later, worthy of systematic study. 4. Big cities increasingly operate under bespoke legal arrangements, but their long-term impact remains unclear. Much energy has been expended over the past 25 years on the idea of city charters, or what we characterize as asymmetrical arrangements for large cities. While the legal instruments differ, Toronto, Halifax, Calgary, and Edmonton have joined Vancouver, Winnipeg, Montr al, and other urban municipalities in deriving some or all of their authority from separate statutes relative to other cities. The constitutional relationship of municipalities to the province remains unchanged, however, and the powers available in special laws largely mirror those in general legislation. The modern wave of charter experimentation in Toronto and in the Alberta cities may represent a tentative first step toward greater asymmetry. Comfort with bespoke arrangements may lead to greater differences between charters and Alternatively, as seen in Ontario, general municipal law is often subsequently amended to incorporate the provisions in city charters. The adoption of charters may fuel a generalized thrust toward more expansive and permissive delegation of authority to municipalities in a ratchet effect. 5. Fiscal empowerment lags legal empowerment. The broad transformation in local government law we have described has not been accompanied by equally far- reaching changes in municipal access to own-source revenues. Few municipalities have access to revenues beyond property taxes, fees, and penalties for operating purposes, and borrowing for capital purposes. Most provinces also enable development charges and density bonusing to offset localized capital costs associated with development. Researchers have questioned whether the available revenue source mix is appropriate in a postindustrial economy and for large cities, and also whether municipalities have fully exploited their existing revenue sources. We have not discussed intergovernmental fiscal transfers because they are not a Two notable exceptions are the Federal Gas Tax Fund Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 63 - block grant established in 2005 and Alberta s 2 City Charters Fiscal Framework Act, which establishes an ongoing statutory funding formula for Calgary and Edmonton. (The latter will be repealed and replaced with a less generous formula when Bill 20 comes fully into force.) Nevertheless, all local governments receive some combination of conditional and unconditional grants from the provincial governments by annual appropriation. The future will no doubt bring vigorous debate over whether and how much municipal fiscal stress should be addressed by: more intensive use of existing local revenue sources; enabling greater discretion in setting rates and how revenues can be spent (see, for example, Found 2019); increased unconditional support from the provincial and federal governments, perhaps through transferring a share of the federal GST; uploading responsibilities to provinces; or opening up new tax fields to municipalities, such as excise and payroll taxes. Regarding the last possibility, both theory and practice suggest that while revenue diversification is beneficial, strong political and competitive forces constrain any given municipality from imposing higher taxes than its neighbours (McMillan and Dahlby 2014; Tiebout 1956). Some have called for such taxes to be levied at the regional scale to minimize negative effects, and have noted significant variations in municipal tax bases: rich municipalities can raise more local revenue than poor ones. 7.2 Observations What have we learned from this review of municipal legislation? 1. We do not yet know the limits of existing municipal powers. The shift to more permissive grants of authority and the enactment of asymmetrical arrangements for large cities are recent. The full effect of these trends remains unknown and will be revealed only as local politicians and administrators devise initiatives that fully exploit their potential and statutes are interpreted by the courts. 2. While local self-government is a cornerstone of our political tradition, municipalities cannot be nation-states in miniature. Municipalities cannot go it alone because they are subject to larger economic, social, and environmental forces and are embedded in complex, historically evolved constitutional, legal, administrative, and fiscal systems. Municipalities need empowering legal and fiscal frameworks that reward creative problem-solving and democratic accountability without generating new inequalities and negative spillover effects. In establishing these frameworks, provinces must be constructive partners with municipalities. There is a risk, however, that greater municipal empowerment will reduce the incentive for provinces to maintain and support legal and fiscal frameworks much as home rule, both as a legal instrument and governing idea, has led American state governments to neglect the fiscal and other needs of their cities. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 64 - 3. Insofar as provinces are engaged in local affairs, much depends on their wisdom and forbearance. Throughout this paper, we have emphasized the constitutional foundations of the provincial-municipal relationship. As constitutionally entrenched sovereign governments, provinces can alter laws, regulations, and policies affecting municipalities as they see fit. Whether they will do so wisely and strategically is a political question, not a legal one. 4. Greater institutional autonomy may be the next frontier. Compared with the United States, the internal organization of Canadian municipal representative and administrative institutions is highly uniform, because of prescriptive provincial legislation. It is an open question whether a more permissive legal approach for example, enabling municipalities to adopt strong mayors, partisan elections, or other variations would spur more innovative policymaking, more accountability and transparency, or greater operational efficiency. For example, Ontario s enabling of alternative electoral systems (see Municipal Elections Act, s. 41.1, which enables ranked-choice ballots) indicates the potential for municipalities to make such important institutional decisions on their own. 7.3 Suggestions for further research This paper has provided a general overview of provincial legal frameworks that constitute, empower, and constrain municipalities. The intricacies of general and special municipal laws and their legal interpretation in the 10 provinces require additional focused investigation. In particular, further research would be beneficial on three fronts: 1. This overview shows that municipal law is both enabling and constraining, and has become more permissive over time. What we do not fully understand, however, is exactly how constraints are experienced We recommend a survey of all Canadian municipalities, large and small and in all provinces, to identify what specific legal provisions (as opposed to fiscal limitations) prevent them from accomplishing important objectives. The results of such a survey would enable the focusing of reform advocacy on matters of everyday significance. 2. Case studies of municipal innovation using new legal tools. Municipalities have more powers than ever before, yet we know little about how they are being used. We recommend a research program to discover how municipalities are working at the limits of their legal authority to pursue policy objectives. In particular, we recommend focusing attention on bylaws and undertakings adopted on the basis of the general welfare power, broad grants of authority, and the natural person power. 3. Monitoring litigation and judicial interpretation. The meaning of statutes is fleshed out through legal challenges and judicial interpretations. We recommend the ongoing monitoring of court challenges to boundary-pushing municipal initiatives, as is performed by the FCM s Legal Defence Fund. Again, a key focus should be on Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 65 - initiatives grounded in the general welfare power, the grant of authority, and the natural person power. This would not only reveal how the courts are interpreting the expanded powers and grants of authority in reformed municipal laws, it would also provide municipalities with insights on how to frame such bylaws. 8. 8.1 Documentary sources Althaus, Catherine, and Lindsay Tedds. 2016. User Fees in Canada: A Municipal Design and Implementation Guide. Ottawa: Canadian Tax Foundation. Amborski, David P. 1998. Review of the Regulatory Environment of Municipal Capital Borrowing. Toronto: ICURR Press. Ashton, William, Wayne Kelly, and Ray Bollman. 2015. Municipalities amalgamate in Manitoba: Moving towards rural regions. Manitoba Law Journal 38 (2): 123 154. Baumeister, Mia. 2012. Development Charges Across Canada: An Underutilized Growth Management Tool? Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Bellamy, Denise E. 2005. Report. Toronto Computer Leasing Inquiry and Toronto External Contracts Inquiry. 4 vols. Toronto. Binney, Charles Chauncey. 1893. Restrictions upon local and special legislation in the United States. The American Law Register and Review 41 (12). Bird, Richard M., Enid Slack, and Almos T. Tassonyi. 2012. A Tale of Two Taxes: Property Tax Reform in Ontario. Cambridge, MA: Lincoln Institute of Land Policy. Bish, Robert L., and Eric G. Clemens. 2008. Local Government in British Columbia. 4th ed. Richmond, BC: Union of British Columbia Municipalities. City of Surrey. 2007. Corporate Report, Council-in-Committee: Community Charter and Local Government Act Municipal Powers Compared to the Vancouver Charter. File 0125 50, 2 September. Surrey, BC. 2014. Provincial-Municipal Relations in Ontario: Approaching an Inflection Point. Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Cunningham, J. Douglas. 2011. Updating the Ethical Infrastructure: Report of the Mississauga Judicial Inquiry. Mississauga, ON. Dollery, Brian, Joseph Garcea, and Edward C. LeSage. 2008. Local Government Reform: A Comparative Analysis of Advanced Anglo-American Countries. Cheltenham, UK: Edward Elgar. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 66 - Downey, Terrence J., and Robert J. Williams. 1998. Provincial agendas, local responses: The common sense restructuring of Ontario s municipal governments. Canadian Public Administration 41 (2): 210 238. Dupuis, Jean. 2016. The Gas Tax Fund: Chronology, Funding and Agreements. Publication -99-E. Ottawa: Library of Parliament. DuPuis, Nicole, Trevor Langan, Christiana McFarland, Angelina Panettieri, and Brooks Rainwater. 2017. City Rights in an Era of Preemption: A State-by-State Analysis. Washington, DC: Center for City Solutions, National League of Cities. Feldman, Lionel D. 1974. Ontario 1945 1973: The Municipal Dynamic, The Evolution of Policy in Contemporary Ontario. Toronto: Ontario Economic Council. Flynn, Alexandra. 2017. Reimagining Toronto s Community Councils. Journal of Law and Social Policy 27: 94 115. Found, Adam. 2019. Development Charges in Ontario: Is Growth Paying for Growth? IMFG Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Garcea, Joseph. 2004. Modern Municipal Statutory Frameworks in Canada. Revue Gouvernance 1 (1). Good, Kristin. 2019. The Fallacy of the Creatures of Provinces Doctrine: Recognizing and Protecting Municipalities Constitutional Status. Governance . Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Government of Alberta. 2015. Framework Memorandum of Understanding for the Municipal Government Act Review. Edmonton. 2016. la me tropole. Montr al. Graham, Kathryn. 2018. Leading Canada s cities? A study of urban mayors. Doctoral dissertation. London, ON: Dept. of Political Science, University of Western Ontario. Halifax Regional Council. 2017. HRM Charter Review: Natural Person Powers. Item .3.1. 1 August. Halifax Regional Municipality. documents city-hall regional-council 170801rc1431.pdf, accessed 2 August 2019. Halifax Regional Council. 2009. Code of Conduct for Municipal Elected Officials. Item .1.5, 2 May. Halifax: Halifax Regional Municipality. Hanniman, Kyle. 2015. A Good Crisis: Canadian Municipal Credit Conditions after the Lehman Brothers Bankruptcy. Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 67 - Homersham, Robert A. 2018. Alberta city charters: Extraordinary powers handed out with the daily rations of government. Stikeman Elliott. Government, last modified 2 Sep. 2018, accessed 1 August 2019. Isin, Engin. 1992. Cities without Citizens: Modernity of the City as a Corporation. Montr al: Black Rose. Johal, Sunil. 2019. The Case for Growing the Gas Tax Fund: A Report on the State of Municipal Finance in Canada. Ottawa: Federation of Canadian Municipalities. Kitchen, Harry. 2016. Is charter-city status a solution for financing city services in Canada or is that a myth? SPP Research Papers 9 (2). Calgary: School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. Kitchen, Harry, and Enid Slack. 2016. More Tax Sources for Canada s Largest Cities: Why, What, and How? Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Kitchen, Harry, Enid Slack, and Tomas Hachard. 2019. Property Taxes in Canada: Current Issues and Future Prospects. IMFG Perspectives . Governance, University of Toronto. LeSage, Edward C., and Melville L. McMillan. 2008. Information Bulletin 1110. Edmonton: Western Centre for Economic Research, University of Alberta. Lidstone, Donald. 2004. Assessment of the Municipal Acts of the Provinces and Territories. Ottawa: Federation of Canadian Municipalities. Lidstone, Donald. 2007. Recent British Columbia Legislation: The Community Charter. University of British Columbia Law Review 40 (1): 401 419. Local Law Center. 2015. Home Rule. Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund, https: celdf.org law-library local-law-center home-rule , last modified 2 August 2015, accessed 7 September 2019. Lyons, Joseph R. 2014. Structural variation and local service delivery: Comparing municipal governments and special purpose bodies. Doctoral Dissertation. London, ON: Dept. of Political Science, University of Western Ontario. Makuch, Stanley M., Neil Craik, and Signe B. Meisk. 2004. Canadian Municipal and Planning Law. 2nd. ed. Toronto: Thomson Carswell. Makuch, Stanley M., and Matthew Schuman. 2015. Have we legalized corruption? The impacts of expanding municipal authority without safeguards in Toronto and Ontario. Osgoode Hall Law Journal 53 (1): 301 333. Malloy, Robin Paul, ed. 2008. Private Property, Community Development, and Eminent Domain. Aldershot, UK: Ashgate. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 68 - McMillan, Melville L., and Bev Dahlby. 2014. Do local governments need alternative sources of tax revenue? An assessment of the options for Alberta cities. SPP Research Papers 7 (26). Calgary: School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. Moore, Aaron A. 2013. Trading Density for Benefits: Toronto and Vancouver Compared. IMFG Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Newfoundland and Labrador. 2017. Provincial Government Begins Consultations for St. John s: Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Environment. Ontario. 2014. The Municipal Councillor s Guide 2014. Toronto: Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing. Ontario. 2019. News release: Ontario helping make municipalities stronger, 2 October. Toronto: Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing. Price, Peter. 2017. Provincializing constitutions: History, narrative, and the disappearance of Canada s provincial constitutions. Perspectives on Federalism 9 (3). Riverstone-Newell, Lori. 2017. The rise of state preemption laws in response to local policy innovation. Publius: The Journal of Federalism 47 (3):403 425. Rust-D Eye, George, Ophir Bar-Moshe, and Andrew James. 2015. User s Manual 2015. Toronto: Carswell. Sancton, Andrew. 1992. Commentary. In John C. Courtney (ed.), Drawing Boundaries: Legislatures, Courts and Electoral Boundaries, 90 95. Saskatoon: Fifth House Publishers. Sancton, Andrew. 2000. Merger Mania: The Assault on Local Government. Montr al: McGill- Queen s University Press. Sancton, Andrew. 2016. The false panacea of city charters? A political perspective on the case of Toronto. SPP Research Papers 9 (3). Shott, Alison Katherine. 2015. Municipal associations, membership composition, and interest representation in local-provincial relations. Doctoral Dissertation. London, ON: Dept. of Political Science, University of Western Ontario. Slack, Enid. 1996. Financing Infrastructure: Evaluation of Existing Resrarch and Information Gaps. Ottawa: Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation. Slack, Enid. 2017. How Much Local Fiscal Autonomy Do Cities Have? A Comparison of Eight Cities around the World. IMFG Perspectives . Governance, University of Toronto. Slack, Enid, and Almos T. Tassonyi. 2017. Financing urban infrastructure in Canada: Overview, trends, and issues. In Richard M. Bird and Enid Slack (eds.), Financing Infrastructure: Who Should Pay? 21 53. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 69 - Spicer, Zachary. 2016. A patchwork of participation: Stewardship, delegation and the search for community representation in post-amalgamation Ontario. Canadian Journal of Political Science 49 (1): 129 150. Tassonyi, Almos T., and Brian W. Conger. 2015. An exploration into the municipal capacity to finance capital infrastructure. SPP Research Papers 8 (38). Calgary: School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. Taylor, Zack. 2019. Shaping the Metropolis: Institutions and Urbanization in the United States and Canada. Tiebout, Charles M. 1956. A pure theory of local expenditures. Journal of Political Economy 64 (5): 416 424. Tindal, C. R., S. Nobes Tindal, Kennedy Stewart, and Patrick J. Smith. 2013. Local Government in Canada, 8th ed. Toronto: Nelson. Tindal, C. R., S. Nobes Tindal, Kennedy Stewart, and Patrick J. Smith. 2017. Local Government in Canada, 9th ed. Toronto: Nelson. Vander Ploeg, Casey G. 2002. Big City Revenue Sources: A Canada U.S. Tax Tools and Revenue Levers. Calgary: Canada West Foundation. Yukon Tourism. 2017. Accommodation levies and taxes across Canada and internationally. City of Yellowknife. last modified 1 February 2017, accessed 1 August 2019. 8.2 Case references Canadian Plastic Bag Association v Victoria , BCCA 254. Catalyst Paper Corp. v North Cowichan , 1 SCR 5. District of Kitimat v Alcan Inc., BCSC 44. Fouillard v Ellice (Rural Municipality), MBCA 108. Greenbaum v Toronto, 1 SCR 674. Nanaimo v Rascal Trucking Ltd., 1 SCR 342. Ontario Public School Boards Assn. v Ontario (Attorney General), , 1 DLR (4th) 346. Shell Canada Products Ltd. v Vancouver , 1 SCR 231. St. Paul v Belland, ABCA 55. Toronto v Ontario (Attorney General), ONCA 732. United Taxi Drivers Fellowship of Southern Alberta v Calgary , 1 SCR 485. Vincorp Financial Ltd. v Oxford , ONCA 876. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 70 - 1. Are There Trends in Local Finance? A Cautionary Note on Comparative Studies and Normative Models of Local Government Finance, by Richard M. Bird, 2011. 2. The Property Tax in Theory and Practice, by Enid Slack, 2011. 3. Financing Large Cities and Metropolitan Areas, by Enid Slack, 2011. 4. Coping with Change: The Need to Restructure Urban Governance and Finance in India, by M. Govinda Rao and Richard M. Bird, 2011. 5. Revenue Diversification in Large U.S. Cities, by Howard Chernick, Adam Langley, and Andrew Reschovsky, 2011. 6. Subnational Taxation in Large Emerging Countries: BRIC Plus One, by Richard M. Bird, 2012. 0874-8 7. You Get What You Pay For: How Nordic Cities are Financed, by Jorgen Lotz, 2012. 8. Property Tax Reform in Vietnam: A Work in Progress, by Hong-Loan Trinh and William J. McCluskey, 2012. 9. IMFG Graduate Student Papers. Development Charges across Canada: An Underuti- lized Growth Management Tool? by Mia Baumeister; Preparing for the Costs of Extreme Weather in Canadian Cities: Issues, Tools, Ideas, by Cayley Burgess, 2012. 10. The Reform of Business Property Tax in Ontario: An Evaluation, by Michael Smart, 2012. 11. Hungary: An Unfinished Decentralization? by Izabella Barati-Stec, 2012. 12. Economies of Scale in Fire and Police Services, by Adam Found, 2012. 13. Trading Density for Benefits: Toronto and Vancouver Compared, by Aaron A. Moore, 2013. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 71 - 14. Merging Municipalities: Is Bigger Better? by Enid Slack and Richard M. Bird, 2013. 15. Public Finance and the Politics of Scale in Montr al: Will the Proposed Reforms Save the Megacity? 16. Decentralization and Infrastructure in Developing Countries: Reconciling Principles and Practice, by Roy Bahl and Richard M. Bird, 2013. 17. 18. A Better Local Business Tax: The BVT, by Richard M. Bird, 2014. 19. Cooperation and Capacity: Inter-Municipal Agreements in Canada, by Zachary Spicer, 2015. 20. Can GTA Municipalities Raise Property Taxes? An Analysis of Tax Competition and Revenue Hills, by Almos Tassonyi, Richard Bird, and Enid Slack, 2015. 21. How to Reform the Property Tax: Lessons from around the World, by Enid Slack and Richard M. Bird, 2015. 22. A Good Crisis: Canadian Municipal Credit Conditions After the Lehman Brothers Bank- ruptcy, by Kyle Hanniman, 2015. 23. Municipal Employee Pension Plans in Canada: An Overview, by Bob Baldwin, 2015. 24. Cities, Data, and Digital Innovation, by Mark Kleinman, 2016. 25. Can Tax Increment Financing Support Transportation Infrastructure Investment? by Murtaza Haider and Liam Donaldson, 2016. 26. Good Governance at the Local Level: Meaning and Measurement, by Zack Taylor, 2016. 27. More Tax Sources for Canada s Largest Cities: Why, What, and How? by Harry Kitchen and Enid Slack, 2016. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 72 - 28. Did the Land Transfer Tax Reduce Housing Sales in Toronto? by Murtaza Haider, Amar Anwar, and Cynthia Holmes, 2016. 29. Financing the Golden Age: Municipal Finance in Toronto 1950-1975, by Richard White, 2016. 30. Climate Change, Floods, and Municipal Risk Sharing, by Daniel Henstra and Jason Thistlethwaite, 2017. 31. The Evolving Role of City Managers and Chief Administrative Officers, by Michael Fenn and David Siegel, 2017. 32. creating Boundary Lines: Assessing Toronto s Ward Boundary Review Process, by Alexandra Flynn, 2017. 33. Land Value Capture and Social Benefits: Toronto and S o Paulo Compared, by Abigail Friendly, 2017. 34. Financing Urban Infrastructure in Canada: Who Should Pay? by Enid Slack and Almos T. Tassonyi, 2017. 35. Paying for Water in Ontario s Cities: Past, Present, and Future, by Harry Kitchen, 2017. 36. Re-imagining Community Councils in Canadian Local Government, by Alexandra Flynn and Zachary Spicer, 2017. 37. Climate Finance for Canadian Cities: Is Debt Financing a Viable Alternative? by Gus- tavo Carvalho, 2018. 38. The Public Finance Challenges of Fracking for Local Governments in the United States, by Austin Zwick, 2018. 39. Returning to the Golden Rule of Balanced Budgets: The Institutional and Political Econ- omy of Restricting Public Deficits and Debt, by Bernard Dafflon, 2018. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 73 - 40. The Platform Economy and Regulatory Disruption: Estimating the Impact on Municipal Revenue in Toronto, by Zachary Spicer, 2018. 41. Development Charges in Ontario: Is Growth Paying for Growth? by Adam Found, 2019. 42. Does Local Government Autonomy Promote Fiscal Sustainability? Lessons from Illinois s Home-Rule Municipalities, by Matthew Walshe, 2019. 43. Mind the Funding Gap: Transit Financing in Los Angeles County and Metro Vancouver, by Matthew Lesch, 2019. 44. The Practice of Municipal Cooperation: Australian Perspectives and Comparisons with Canada, by Graham Sansom, 2019. 45. Filling the Gaps: The Role of Business Improvement Areas and Neighbourhood Associa- tions in the City of Toronto, by Alexandra Flynn, 2019. 46. The Fallacy of the Creatures of the Provinces Doctrine: Recognizing and Protecting Municipalities Constitutional Status, by Kristin Good, 2019.","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:46:25.993Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:31.986Z"},{"id":139,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 9 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 9 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 9 - Mar 14-20/Module/CPPA122, Module 9 - Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":959281,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:38:03.826Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:33.623Z"},{"id":140,"originalName":"Can Public Adm - 2019 - Lucas - Multilevel policy from the municipal perspective  A pan‐Canadian survey.pdf","displayName":"Can Public Adm - 2019 - Lucas - Multilevel policy from the municipal perspective  A pan‐Canadian survey.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/a74e3de5-b100-4d52-9d9a-0e4ab5bdb0f0","contentType":"application/pdf","size":222508,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:47:33.882Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:34.579Z"},{"id":141,"originalName":"proquest.com_printviewfile_accountid=13631.pdf","displayName":"proquest.com_printviewfile_accountid=13631.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/3db60af6-b27f-434d-81a1-70f48f5ad5cf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":104949,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:47:43.118Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:34.936Z"},{"id":142,"originalName":"Reflections on Who Does What – IMFG.pdf","displayName":"Reflections on Who Does What – IMFG.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f7da22c6-44e5-4e51-ab39-4f2d60d06d8d","contentType":"application/pdf","size":935120,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:48:00.977Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:35.512Z"},{"id":143,"originalName":"Uber launches lawsuit over 'bad faith' council vote, calls on court to overturn ridesharing cap.pdf","displayName":"Uber launches lawsuit over 'bad faith' council vote, calls on court to overturn ridesharing cap.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/df222a3d-d4e8-47a5-a492-e38e1a572c18","contentType":"application/pdf","size":99251729,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:48:31.491Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:56.169Z"},{"id":144,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 10 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 10 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/1e7be73b-ca76-42ed-be71-b32771be943a","contentType":"application/pdf","size":297404,"folder":"week-10-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:43:08.980Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:03:00.596Z"},{"id":145,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 11 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 11 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/da075750-ca46-4d0c-9c90-53f32ffe587b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":383263,"folder":"week-11-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:33:45.971Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:51.302Z"},{"id":146,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 12 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 12 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f8f6b290-02b0-4595-aa7e-d511fdd177ec","contentType":"application/pdf","size":260700,"folder":"week-12-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:29:24.789Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:52.948Z"},{"id":147,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 13 - Assignment Detail.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 13 - Assignment Detail.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/06ec675f-4c3d-41d9-b222-0a5e8079f88b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":54661,"folder":"week-13-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:33:47.431Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:54.457Z"},{"id":148,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 5 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 5 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CFNF400 - Human Sexuality/Week 5 - Feb 7-13/Module/CFNF400, Module 5 - Learning Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":534874,"folder":"week-5-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":18,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"By the end of this module, students will be able to: 1. Describe the attitudes of Canadians towards sexual orientation. 2. Recognize the major obstacles faced by gay, lesbian, and bisexual youth and adults. 3. Identify and describe the six stages of gay, lesbian, and bisexual identity development. 4. Identify and describe the four dimensions of the coming out process. Topic Overview In terms of the social context of human sexuality, the evolution of societal attitudes and public policies and laws related to sexual orientation represents a fundamental shift in basic assumptions about the very nature of human sexuality and in values concerning what is, and what is not, morally acceptable sexual behaviour. Sexual Orientation: Notes About Terminology and Acronyms Some terms related to sexuality can become, over time, politicized. Homosexuality is one of those terms. According to Cornelson \"The term 'homosexual' has a clinical connotation that is associated with pathology and reflects historical judgements that same-sex orientation was an illness. It is thus thought by many to be outdated, inaccurate, and even pejorative\" (). However, the term \"homosexuality\" is still used in the sexological literature (For example, your textbook uses this term but in a strictly non-pejorative sense.) Most people with same-sex attraction refer to themselves as \"gay\", \"lesbian\", or \"bisexual\", rather than as a \"homosexual.\" For the purposes of this course, the term \"homosexual\" is used in a value-neutral way that simply defines \"homosexuality\" as a sexual attraction to another person of the same gender. Various different acronyms have been used to describe the range of sexual orientations and gender identities that exist. Your textbook chapters on sexual orientation and gender define and discuss many of these identities. Here is an acronym currently used to define different sexually related identities. LGBTQI2SNA : Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex, Two Spirit, nonbinary, asexual and other emerging identities . We will use the LGBTQI2SNA acronym at various points in the course. In Module 1 we contrasted the Restrictive and Permissive sexual ideologies. As we saw, according to Restrictive sexual ideology homosexual behaviour should be discouraged, whereas Permissive sexual ideology holds that sexual behaviours should be not be judged on the basis of the gender of the partners involved in a sexual act but rather on the basis of criteria such as whether the behaviour is consensual and mutually beneficial. On these grounds, Permissive sexual ideology holds that homosexual behaviours can have the same moral validity as heterosexual behaviours and that a person's sexual orientation is not in any way an indication of their psychological health. Increasingly, Canadian society is adopting a Permissive sexual ideology towards sexual orientation. Key Point Increasingly, Canadian society is adopting a Permissive sexual ideology towards sexual orientation. Below are the results of a surveys administered in 1975, 1995 96, 2006, and 2013 that measured adult Canadian's attitudes towards homosexuality (Bibby, 1995; 2006; Pew Research, 2014). Research on Canadians attitudes towards sexual orientation is revealing in a number of important ways: 1. The results reflect the trend, over time, towards a more permissive ideological perspective towards homosexuality among Canadians. For example, in 1975, 72 of adult Canadians believed that \"homosexual relations\" were \"Almost always wrong\" or \"Always wrong\". By 1995 96 the percentage of Canadians with this opinion had shrunk to 52 . In addition, the percentage of Canadians who felt that \"homosexual relations\" were \"Not wrong at all\" more than doubled from 14 in 1975 to 32 in 1995 96. When Bibby surveyed Canadians a third time a decade later he found that about two-thirds generally approved of homosexuality (Bibby, 2006, cited in Hyde, Delameter and Byers, 2009). In 2013, Pew Research asked Canadians: \"Do you believe that homosexuality is morally unacceptable, morally acceptable, or it is not a moral issue?\" Only 15 responded that is unacceptable while 30 said acceptable, 50 responded that it is not a moral issue, and 5 did not respond. 2. Although the data from these studies suggests that Canadians are becoming more accepting of homosexuality over time, the Canadian population remains segmented in its attitudes towards the moral acceptability of homosexual behaviour. Langstaff reviewed the evolution of Canadians attitudes towards homosexuality and found that although Canadian attitudes have become more accepting overall, much of the shift is the result of people who were more or less neutral about homosexuality shifting their views towards greater acceptance. From her analysis of the survey data, Langstaff concludes that people who have opposed homosexuality in the past have not changed their minds. Indeed, many of these people have become more firm in their dissaproval of homosexuality. According to Langstaff, although the percentage of Canadians who are accepting of homosexuality has increased, \"...a fairly stable minority of about one-third of Canadians are profoundly dismayed by growing societal acceptance of homosexuality\" (). However, as the Pew Research survey results, cited above, suggest, the percentage of Canadians who disapprove of gay, lesbian, and bisexual orientations is continuing to shrink. However, many people in Canada, are not fully accepting of diverse sexual orientations . attitudes-in-canada-toward-lgbt-individuals \"Whether or not one morally approves or disapproves of homosexual behaviour is immaterial to the principle inherent within a democratic society that all people, irrespective of their sexual orientation or other such characteristic, have the inalienable right to live a life free of discrimination\" . Key Point Over time, Canadian's attitudes towards diverse sexual orientations are becoming more accepting. While societal attitudes towards diverse sexual orientations are becoming more accepting, LGBTQI2SNA people live in a world where social and cultural conventions are overwhelmingly heterosexual and where their sexual orientation or gender identity is still often viewed with stigma and prejudice. Cultural representations in the media (e.g., advertising, entertainment) have, at least until very recently, been almost entirely heterosexual in nature. some religious institutions continue to disapprove of homosexuality. Sexuality education programs in the schools may be taught with the assumption that all the students in the class are heterosexual. Many gays, lesbians, and bisexuals have been the victims of violence that resulted from their being targeted because of their sexual orientation. Although all credible mental health professionals now consider homosexuality to be a normal variation of human sexuality, it should be noted that until quite recently, homosexuality was officially considered a mental illness or psychological disorder. For example, it was not until 1973 that the American Psychiatric Association removed homosexuality from its list of psychological disorders. It is in this heterosexually oriented social context that LGBTQI2SNA people form their personal identity as human beings. Key Point LGBTQI2SNA people grow up and achieve developmental tasks in a social environment where their sexuality or gender identity is often viewed with stigma and prejudice. Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual Developmental Tasks It is very important that we do not generalize about diverse sexual orientations and gender identities, treating them as if they were all the same. Each LGBTQI2SNA identity is unique. Here, we will focus specifically on the developmental tasks of people who identify as gay, lesbian, or bisexual. Being transgender refers to person's gender identity (e.g., woman, man, or non-binary: see Module 4). In Module 4, identity development among transgender people is discussed. It's also important that we recognize that a person's identity as gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgender is just one component of identity and that it will overlap or intersect with other identities a person may have. An intersectional approach considers how different identities simultaneously affect an individual s experiences. An intersectional approach also recognizes that the discrimination and oppression that a person experiences based on sexual orientation may also intersect with other forms of oppression such as those based on race, class, sex, and gender identity. Challenges Facing Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual Youth As we proceed through this course we will be looking at the developmental tasks related to sexuality at the various phases of the life span (i.e., childhood, adolescence, adulthood, late adulthood). Gay, lesbian, and bisexual people must also face a series of challenges related to sexuality that heterosexual people do not face. This may particularly be the case for gay, lesbian, and bisexual adolescents who must navigate a heteronormative and often homophobic social world. These challenges are clearly apparent in a survey of youth's experiences of homophobia, biphobia, and transphobia in Canadian schools (Peter ., 2021: ). For example, according to the Peter . survey, 64 of students reported hearing homophobic comments at school and 30 of 2SLGBTQ students reported that they had been the victims of cyber bullying. For many gay, lesbian and bisexual people, their sexual orientation is a major defining characteristic of who they are as people. We will be looking at two fundamental aspects of personal and social development for gays, lesbians and bisexuals: stages of identity development and the dimensions of coming out. The term \"coming out\" is commonly thought of as the process of informing other people that one is gay, lesbian or bisexual. However, in reality, the process of coming out entails much more than simply telling other people about your sexual orientation. Key Point The coming out process involves much more than disclosure to others. According to Rosario, Hunter, Maguen, Gwadz and Smith the process of coming out involves four dimensions (see below). It is only with the fourth dimension that the person discloses to others that they are gay, lesbian, or bisexual. In a similar way, the individual's development of a gay, lesbian, or bisexual identity is not a single step process but rather involves a series of stages. Listed below are stages of gay, lesbian, and bisexual identity development and the dimensions of the coming out process. You will notice that in many ways the stages of identity development and the dimensions of the coming out process are parallel to each other. That is, for example, identity comparison, the second stage of identity development in which a person begins to understand that they are gay, lesbian, or bisexual and the first dimension of the coming out process, self-identification of sexual orientation are basically describing the same process: discovering feelings of same sex attraction. The important distinction we need to make is that the stages of identity development are focused on the person's internal psychological development whereas the dimensions of the coming out process are describing key factors of the person's social development as a gay, lesbian or bisexual person. For example, the stage of identity acceptance refers to the individual's acceptance in their own mind that they are in fact gay, lesbian or bisexual whereas, for example, the dimension of becoming involved in gay lesbian activities refers to the individual's social interaction with others. Together, the stages of identity development and the stages of coming out provide a basic conceptualization of the developmental tasks related to sexual orientation for gay, lesbian and bisexual people. It is also important to recognize that these processes of identity development and coming out occur within, and are a reflection of, the heteronormativity of our society. Heteronormativity is the assumption or belief that heterosexuality is the default, or \"normal\" form of sexual expression. It is within this heteronormative context that gay, lesbian, and bisexual people form their identity. As a result, we should not look upon these stages of identity development and dimensions of coming out as points along the road of ideal development but rather as points of struggle and progression that gay, lesbian, and bisexual people must face because of the heteronormativity of society. As heteronormativity fades as society progresses, these stages of identity development and dimensions of coming out will become less relevant. Key Point The stages of identity development relate to a person's internal psychological development. The dimensions of coming out relate to a person's social development. Both occur within, and are a reflection of, the heteronormativity of Western culture. Stages of Identity Development 1. Identity Confusion The person, usually in childhood, growing up in a heteronormative society, assumes they are heterosexual but has some feelings of same gender attraction. 2. Identity Comparison The person begins to recognize that they may be gay, lesbian, or bisexual. 3. Identity Tolerance The person more fully recognizes that that it is likely that they are in fact gay, lesbian or bisexual and may seek out contact with others in the gay, lesbian, and bisexual communities to find affirmation. 4. Identity Acceptance The person now fully recognizes that they are gay, lesbian, or bisexual and accepts their sexual orientation. 5. Identity Pride The person begins to accept their sexual orientation as a positive aspect of themselves and contrasts and differentiate themselves from heterosexuals. 6. Identity Synthesis The individual focuses on fully integrating their public and private identities as gay, lesbian, or bisexual. Dimensions of the Coming Out Process (Rosario, Hunter, Maguen, Gwadz and Smith, 2001) 1. Self-identification as gay, lesbian, or bisexual 2. Involvement in gay lesbian recreational and social activities 3. Attitudes towards GLB identities become more positive 4. Disclosure of sexual identity to others \"The coming out process is an individual experience. The milestones, the hurdles and the pace of the process, all vary from person to person. Individuals bring a variety of coping skills, problem- solving abilities and resources to the process\" . It is important to recognize that although the stages of identity development have been presented in a step by step linear fashion (i.e., in a 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 progression), many gay, lesbian, and bisexual people will not necessarily pass through all of these stages in the same order. For example, some individuals may not develop social links with the gay, lesbian, or bisexual communities until well after all the other stages have been completed. In terms of identity development, because they live in an often homophobic culture (see Chapter 9 of your textbook for a definition and discussion of homophobia), some gays, lesbians, and bisexuals struggle with the coming out process. Also, research shows that the timing and progression of the coming out process can be affected by intersectional factors such as gender, race, ethnicity, class, and generational factors (Grov, Bimbi, Nanin, and Parsons, 2006; Haltom and Ratcliff, 2021). 01776-x It is important to note that some people are quite critical of fixed stage models of gay, lesbian, and bisexual identity development. For example, Alderson believes that identity development is a highly individualized process that is affected by a wide range of factors. Not everyone goes through the same stages in the same order. However, acknowledging individual variations in processes and trajectories, stage models can be useful in understanding developmental processes of LGBTQ young people . A meta analysis of 30 studies indicated that common sequence of LGB identity development was becoming aware of queer attractions, questioning one's sexual orientation, self-identifying as LGB , coming out to others, engaging in sexual activity, and starting a romantic relationship . Key Point Not all individuals will progress through the stages of identity development in a step-by-step linear fashion. Although the stages of identity development and the dimensions of the coming out described above do not apply to everyone, they can be useful concepts for health professionals addressing the needs of gay, lesbian, and bisexual students and clients. For example, assessing the stage a person is at in terms of their identity and social development can be helpful in determining specific issues that need to be addressed and to determine if a client is making progress in their development. Discussing the stages with clients can help them to make a self-determination of where they are at and where they want to go next in terms of their personal development. There are a number of ways that the school system and educators can promote the health and well- being of LGBTQ students. These include developing school policies that create supportive environments, teacher and school staff training programs, developing and implementing LGBTQ inclusive school curricula, and fostering the development of LGBTQ student clubs, organizations, and alliances . Key Point Although they don't apply to everyone, the stages of identity development and the dimensions of the coming out process can be useful concepts for health professionals to consider in working with gay, lesbian, and bisexual clients. In the next five modules we will continue with the approach of using developmental tasks to examine sexuality in childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and late adulthood. Review Poll 2 Module 5 - Due by the end of this week of study. Complete the four multiple choice questions below. Then click on Activity below to receive your short answer response question and follow the instructions on how to submit your short answer response. Alex will
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]: provide a commentary on the poll responses and short answers on the Review Poll 2 discussion board. To begin please click on the Review Poll links below. Question A2 - Module 4 describes the traditional sexual script for sexual interactions and gender roles. To what extent do you agree that the traditional sexual script contributes to gender inequality? Strongly agree Agree Neutral Disagree Strongly disagree Submit Question B2 - The research on gender and sexuality tends to highlight differences between genders (e.g., people who identify as women or men). But are people with different gender identities really that different? In general, do you believe that when it comes to basic sexual priorities, needs, and desires, women and men are: Very different Somewhat different Not different at all Submit Question C2 - As discussed in the textbook, there are theories and research that seek to explain the development of sexual orientation. Some people believe that this kind of research helps to dispel harmful myths and misconceptions and will contribute to full equality in society with respect to sexual orientation. Other people believe that research on the biological or social origins of sexual orientation is not useful and potentially dangerous. To what extent do you agree that researchers should be discouraged from investigating the origins of sexual orientation? Question C2-To what extent do you agree that researchers should be discouraged from attempting to identify the determinants of sexual orientation? Strongly agree Agree Neutral Disagree Strongly disagree Submit Question D2 - There has been disagreement in the province of Ontario about the grade level that children should first be taught about the diversity of sexual orientations and gender identities. At what Grade level do you think these topics should be introduced? K to 3 4 to 5 6 to 7 8 or later Submit Activity Cick here to get an Assignment based on the Opinion Polls above. Please Note You can revisit the review poll to view the updated results of your classmates opinions. Alderson, K.G. . Counselling LGBTQI Clients. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Bibby, R. . The Bibby Report: Social Trends Canadian Style. Toronto: Stoddart. Cass. V.C. . Homosexual identity formation: testing a theoretical model. The Journal of Sex Research, 20, (2), 143-167. Cornelson, B.M. . Addressing the sexual health needs of gay and bisexual men in health care settings. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 7, 261-271. Grov, C., Bimbi, D., Nanin, J. and Parsons, J. . Race, ethnicity, gender, and generational factors associated with the coming-out process among gay, lesbian, and bisexual individuals. The Journal of Sex Research, 43, 115-121. Hall, W. J., Dawes, H. C., and Plocek, N. . Sexual orientation identity development milestones among lesbian, gay, bisexual, and queer people: A systematic review and meta-analysis. Frontiers in psychology, 12, 753954. Haltom, T. M., and Ratcliff, S. . Effects of Sex, Race, and Education on the Timing of Coming Out among Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual Adults in the U.S. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 50(3), 1107 1120. Langstaff, A. . A twenty-year survey of Canadian attitudes towards homosexuality and gay rights. In D.M. Rayside and C. Wilcox (Eds.). Faith, Politics, and Sexual Diversity in Canada and the United States. Vancouver, B.C.: The University of British Columbia Press. (). McInroy, L.B., Beaujolais, B., Craig, S. L., and Eaton, A.D. . The self-identification, LGBTQ identity development, and attraction and behavior of asexual youth: Potential implications for sexual health and internet-based service provision. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 50: 3853-3863. Peter, T., Campbell, C. P., and Taylor, C. Still in every class in every school: Final report on the second climate survey on homophobia, biphobia, and transphobia in Canadian schools Toronto, ON: Egale Canada Human Rights Trust. Pew Research. . Global Attitudes Project. Morality interactive topline results. Rosario, M., Hunter, J., Maguen, S., Gwadz, M. and Smith, R. . The coming-out process and its adaptational and health-related associations among gay, lesbian, and bisexual youths: stipulation and exploration of a model. American Journal of Community Psychology, 29 (1), 133-160. Russell, S. T., Bishop, M. D., Saba, V. C., James, I., and Ioverno, S. . Promoting school safety for LGBTQ and all students. Policy Insights from the Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 8(2), 160- 166. Schneider, M. . Often Invisible: Counselling Gay and Lesbian Youth. Toronto Youth Services. SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. and Education Council of Canada. Reading Required Reading Human Sexuality in a World of Diversity 7th Canadian Edition, Chapter 9. for Further Research Essay Assignments Grov, C., Bimbi, D., Nanin, J.,and Parsons, J. . Race, ethnicity, gender, and generational factors associated with the coming-out process among gay, lesbian, and bisexual individuals. The Journal of Sex Research, 43 (2), 115-121. Hall, W. J., Dawes, H. C., and Plocek, N. . Sexual orientation identity development milestones among lesbian, gay, bisexual, and queer people: A systematic review and meta-analysis. Frontiers in psychology, 12, 753954. Haltom, T. M., and Ratcliff, S. . Effects of sex, race, and education on the timing of coming out among lesbian, gay, and bisexual adults in the U.S. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 50(3), 1107 1120. com.ezproxy.lib.torontomu.ca content pdf 10.1007 s10508-020-01776-x Kennedy, D.A. and Oswalt, S.B. . Is Cass's model of homosexual identity formation relevant to today's society? American Journal of Sexuality Education, 9 (2), 229-246. Peter, T., Campbell, C. P., and Taylor, C. Still in every class in every school: Final report on the second climate survey on homophobia, biphobia, and transphobia in Canadian schools Toronto, ON: Egale Canada Human Rights Trust. every-class Rosario, M., Schrimshaw, E.W., and Hunter, J. . Different patterns of sexual identity development over time: implications for the psychological adjustment of lesbian, gay, and bisexual youths. Journal of Sex Research, 48 (1), 3-15. Russell, S. T., Bishop, M. D., Saba, V. C., James, I., and Ioverno, S. . Promoting school safety for LGBTQ and all students. Policy Insights from the Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 8(2), 160-166. Russell, S. T., and Fish, J. N. . Mental health in lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender youth. Annual Review of Clinical Psychology, 12(1), 465-487. backend ptpmcrender.fcgi?accid PMC4887282andblobtype pdf SIECCAN. . Reaffirming Rights: 2SLGBTQINA inclusive sexual health education contributes to a safer school environment for all. Issue brief. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada .","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:56:28.630Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:58.219Z"},{"id":149,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 6 - Topic Overview.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 6 - Topic Overview.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f8c5328d-2c03-45c3-a9d6-2b42d3844ae6","contentType":"application/pdf","size":224103,"folder":"week-6-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:39:44.211Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:00.090Z"},{"id":150,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 7 - Assignment Detail.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 7 - Assignment Detail.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f862d31b-a3be-4a78-a86d-5ff990c9efd5","contentType":"application/pdf","size":56314,"folder":"week-7-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:31:18.932Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:01.475Z"},{"id":151,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 8 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 8 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CFNF400 - Human Sexuality/Week 8 - Mar 7-13/Module/CFNF400, Module 8 - Learning Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":381064,"folder":"week-8-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":30,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Part 1: Learning Objectives By the end of Part 1 of this module students will be able to: 1. Describe and evaluate societal attitudes towards adolescent sexuality and sexual behaviour. 2. Identify the key developmental tasks related to sexuality for adolescents. 3. Describe patterns of sexual behaviour during the adolescent years. 4. Identify and distinguish between the various influences on adolescent sexuality. Topic Overview Introduction: The biological and social context of adolescent sexuality It is perhaps stating the obvious to say that adolescence is a challenging part of our lives. One of the things that make it so challenging is that during adolescence nearly every aspect of our lives changes in profound ways. The physical, intellectual, emotional, and social domains of life are in state of rapid change beginning at puberty until we enter young adulthood in our early twenties. Of course, one of the areas where these changes are most prominent is sexuality. Sexual self-awareness may begin prior to adolescence and continues at an accelerated pace during adolescence and there is no doubt that, for most people, adolescence is a 'critical period' in the upsurge of sexual drives, the development of sexual values, and the initiation of sexual behaviours. The onset of puberty, the power of peer group expectations, and the communication of mixed messages about sex from adults can make dealing with sexuality difficult but for many, and hopefully most adolescents, the development of sexuality can be a positive and life enriching experience. Key Point Adolescence is a time of profound change in all aspects of life including sexuality. As we saw in Module Week 6, many of the building blocks of adult sexuality are built in childhood, but it is with the onset of puberty that we swiftly start to become sexual beings in the adult sense. In looking at the biological and social context of adolescent sexuality, it is important to note that beginning with puberty, youth are biologically capable of reproduction, have sexual feelings and desires, but, in Western society at least, they are about a decade away from assuming full adult status. We should keep in mind that until the twentieth century, in many respects, there was no such thing as adolescence. Soon after puberty, if not before, most people were out of school and often were married before their twentieth birthday. Obviously, this is not what happens for most Canadian youth today. According to sociologist Eleanor Maticka-Tyndale , What is new is the length of adolescence - that time between childhood and entry into roles are markers of adulthood (such as husband, wife, or parallel status; employee in a permanent job; rentee or mortgagee). Adolescence is a time when one is biologically mature but kept socially (and cognitively) immature, i.e., not ready to be an adult (). Furthermore, Lets be clear about this - these are social developments that are not tied to biology. Though young men and women enter puberty before they enter their teens, the average age of marriage is approaching 30. This means that by the time they marry young people have been biologically capable of reproduction for more than half their lives (Maticka-Tyndale, 2001, ). This gap between the biological readiness for sexual activity and the age at which we gain adult status has significant implications for how our society addresses adolescent sexuality. Although most teenagers are biologically ready to have sex, it is often said that teenagers are \"not mature enough\" to engage in sexual activity. Key Point In contemporary Western culture there is a significant gap between when young people become biologically capable of reproduction and the age at which most adults approve of young people having sex. The Developmental Tasks of Adolescent Sexuality For this course, we are looking at each phase of the life cycle in terms of specific developmental tasks related to sexuality. During adolescence, these developmental tasks are numerous and often difficult to accomplish. In one respect, the sexuality related developmental tasks of adolescence are confusing for the simple reason that adolescents live in a culture where they are biologically ready for sex, are constantly exposed to sexual imagery in the media, but at the same time they are often discouraged from expressing their sexuality by their parents, schools, and religious institutions. It is against the backdrop of this contradictory social context that we consider five major developmental tasks of adolescent sexuality. Key Point The developmental tasks of adolescent sexuality can be divided into five major categories: 1. Becoming comfortable with a rapidly changing body; 2. Gaining independence from parents family; 3. Developing self-acceptance as a sexual being; 4. Exploring romantic sexual relationships; 5. Protecting sexual health; 1. Becoming comfortable with a rapidly changing body: On average girls will begin puberty at age 10 or 11 and boys will begin at age 11 or 12. As anyone who has been through puberty knows, it is a time when both the mind and body are in a state of constant, often disconcerting change. (For an outline of the precise physical changes involved in puberty see Chapter 12 of your textbook). Physically, rapid increases in growth, development of secondary sex characteristics (e.g., pubic hair, facial hair, increased breast and genital growth), development of acne and body odour, menstruation, and other physical changes leaves many adolescents feeling awkward, insecure, and uncomfortable about their bodies. At one point or another, nearly all adolescents will wonder if their bodies are \"normal\" or will become convinced that they are unattractive. Media images depicting very narrow and unrealistic representations of the ideal body as well as peer group expectations can be very discouraging for adolescents struggling to gain confidence in themselves. On a general level, it is important for a person's overall well-being to become comfortable with their body. With respect to sexuality specifically, people who are comfortable with and accepting of their bodies are more likely to be comfortable and confident in their sexual relationships throughout their lives. 2. Gaining independence from parents family: Many theorists studying human development suggest that adolescence is a time when young people are seeking to establish a sense of their own identity as an individual. Put simply, adolescents are asking themselves \"Who am I?\" As part of the process of developing their own sense of self, adolescents will typically attempt to distance themselves from their parents and more closely align with their friends and peer group. Very often this move towards a sense of independence involves a rejection of parental values and norms including those related to sexuality. For example, some adolescents will reject their parent's wishes with respect to teen sexual behaviour, particularly if parental opinions conflict with teen peer group norms, as a way of asserting their independence and fulfilling a need to feel like an adult. Part of the general process of asking \"Who am I?\" is asking the question \"Who am I as a sexual person?\" 3. Developing Self-Acceptance as a Sexual Being: It's especially important that adolescents are able to integrate their sexual feelings, needs, and desires into a positive self identity, which includes, as one aspect, a sexual self. Put more simply, it is important for an adolescent to fully and consciously accept that they are a sexual being with sexual desires, needs, and feelings. We might assume, given the relatively open and permissive approach to sexuality in contemporary Western culture, that acceptance of the self as a sexual being is something that happens as a matter of course with all adolescents. However, some adolescents do have difficulty accepting themselves as sexual beings. This may particularly be the case for LGBTQI2S adolescents who have been exposed to homophobic attitudes. Fortunately, this is beginning to change as society becomes more accepting of diverse sexual identities, sexual minority youth navigate the developmental tasks of adolescent sexuality as well as their peers. Although Western culture has moved forward in recognizing and affirming female sexuality, to some extent, a sexual double standard between male and female adolescents still exists. In other words, our society is relatively more accepting of the sexual behaviour of teenage boys but looks more negatively upon teenage girls who are sexually active. Developing self-acceptance as a sexual being is important not only in terms of an adolescent's ability to form healthy current and future relationships. It is also important because people who do not acknowledge or accept themselves as sexual beings are less likely to take measures to protect their sexual health. For example, young people who do not acknowledge or accept themselves as sexual beings are less likely to plan to have sex or recognize that they might have sex. As a result, they are much less likely to practice safer sex if they do engage in sexual activity. This probably explains a significant proportion of unintended pregnancies and cases of STIs. 4. Exploring Romantic sexual Relationships: It is during adolescence that most young people will have their first romantic and or sexual relationship. Like most other aspects of teenage social life, romantic relationships typically cause a great deal of anxiety for adolescents. Many will have their first experience with falling in love and will be faced with the emotional turmoil of beginning and ending relationships. Adolescents are faced with the developmental task of learning, often with little or no experience, how to be in a mutually beneficial relationship and the experience they have with this process can have a significant influence on how they approach relationships throughout their lives. 5. Protecting Sexual Health: As you will see in your required reading for this module, the vast majority of Canadians become sexually active during adolescence and many teens are at high risk for HIV STIs and unintended pregnancy. Thus, learning the information and skills to consistently engage in behaviours that protect sexual health is a major developmental task of adolescent sexuality. Later we will explore how educational programs can effectively equip adolescents with the information, motivation, and behavioural skills to protect their sexual health. Patterns of Sexual Behaviour During the Adolescent Years Key Point The majority of Canadian young people will become sexually active by the time they reach age 20. The textbook documents various forms of sexual behaviour that occur in adolescence (i.e., masturbation, oral sex, intercourse). Approximately two thirds of Canadians will experience oral sex and or sexual intercourse before age 20. The most recent Statistics Canada data on sexual activity among young people indicates that the percentages of Canadian youth aged 15 to 24 who have experienced intercourse has not been increasing in recent years and may even be declining (Rotermann and McKay, 2020; SIECCAN, 2020). When reading about adolescent sexual behaviour, keep the following three Key Points in mind. Key Point Adolescent sexual behaviour is characterized by serial monogamy. 1) It is important to note that although most youth become sexually active at some point during adolescence, their sexual behaviour is often sporadic. That is, many, if not most, adolescents do not have sex on a regular or consistent basis. The literature on adolescent sexuality often designates a teenager who has had sex once as being \"sexually active\" even if that one time occurred several years in the past. However, it is not uncommon for a teenager, particularly a younger teen, to have sex only a few times over a number of years and to have a small number of sexual partners. Part of this is due to the fact that adolescent romantic sexual relationships are often relatively short in duration compared to adult relationships. Nevertheless, it is important to recognize that there is a subset of adolescents who are highly sexually active both in terms of frequency and number of sexual partners. Key Point Adolescent sexual behaviour is often sporadic and adolescent romantic sexual relationships tend to be relatively short in duration. 2) It is important to consider the concept of serial monogamy in order to understand patterns of sexual behaviour among adolescents and young adults. Most (but certainly not all) sexually active people are monogamous. That is, a person will only have one sexual partner at a time. Once a relationship ends, however, the person moves on to a new relationship where they again only have one sexual partner. Looked at in this way, a person could have four sexual partners in four successive relationships over a two-year period but still be monogamous. This person is more accurately described as serially monogamous. (See chapter 7 of your textbook for a discussion of \"friends with benefits\" relationships). The concept of serial monogamy is important to consider with respect to the high rates of STI among young people. For example, it is very common for college university students to be serially monogamous. Many college university students assume that they do not need to use condoms because they are in a monogamous relationship and neither partner shows any signs of having an STI (note that most cases of STI infection are asymptomatic so the person does not know that he or she is infected). These couples often use the contraceptive pill to prevent pregnancy but take no precautions against HIV STI. Psychologically, monogamous college university students often do not consider that they will very likely have different sexual partners in future monogamous relationships. In the end, by the time they graduate from university, many monogamous students will have had two, three, or more relationships, all of them monogamous, none of them protected from HIV STI. The occurrence of unprotected serial monogamy explains a large proportion of STI infections among college university students (For discussion of serial monogamy and its associated STI risk among college students see Bolton, McKay and Scnieder, 2010). Key Point Western culture provides youth with little education or guidance in developing the ability to have sexual relationships characterized by intimacy, mutuality, and pleasure. 3) The sexuality education provided to youth in Western culture, whether it is delivered by parents, schools, or other sources, is often limited to information on preventing sexual health problems such as HIV STD or is aimed at discouraging youth from becoming sexually active. As we have seen, most people will have their first sexual experiences during the adolescent years but many will do so lacking in accurate knowledge of human sexual response or the skills to have mutually pleasurable sexual relationships. As a result, these first sexual experiences can be a disappointment both physically and emotionally. Adolescents are generally left to trial and error as well as questionable advice from peers or distorted media representations for information on sexual intimacy and pleasure. Modern communication technologies (e.g., cell phones smartphones, social media apps websites) have fundamentally changed the way people are exposed to, learn about, and communicate with respect to sexuality. These technologies can have benefits (e.g., increased access to sexuality information, connecting with relationship partners), but also pose significant challenges (e.g., misinformation, privacy, and exploitation risks of online communication). Many people will be exposed to media portrayals of gender and sexuality (e.g., via social media, movies television music videos online games, pornography) that challenge sexual health and well-being in either positive or negative ways. Sexual health education programs should facilitate the development of media and digital literacy skills that will enable people to critically evaluate the sexuality-related material they encounter, as well as develop the knowledge and skills to use communication technologies safely and respectfully . The examination of adolescent sexuality provides an excellent example of how social context shapes our sexual beliefs, attitudes, and behaviours. As noted above, adolescents living in Western culture receive contradictory messages about sexuality. For example, many parents and religious institutions send the message that teens should not be sexually active while peers and the media may send the opposite message. The sexual health messages contained in school-based programs may be contradicted by the sexually explicit imagery easily found on the internet. Thus, its not surprising that many adolescents are confused and anxious about sexuality. Key Point Adolescents living in Western culture receive contradictory messages about sexuality. Increasing attention is being paid to the role that the media, particularly television and music videos, plays in influencing adolescent sexuality. Generally, it is assumed that the media's influence is negative. Consider also that adolescents today have much easier access to sexually explicit media (e.g., x-rated videos or pictures) through the internet than did adolescents in the past. For example, a survey of youth in Canada indicated that 22 in grades 7 to 11 reported looking for pornography online and 32 said that they had unintentionally come across pornography without looking for it (Media Smarts, 2022). 20YCWW 20Phase 20IV.pdf Our culture's ambivalence about the reality of adolescent sexuality, combined with the array of contradictory messages about sexuality that adolescents are exposed to, underscores the need to provide effective sexual health education to youth. In Module 9 we will turn our attention to societal attitudes towards sexuality education and the theory and practice of effective adolescent sexual health education. Bolton, M., McKay, A. Schneider, M. . Relational influences on condom use discontinuation: a qualitative study of young adult women in dating relationships. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 19, 3, 91-1 Maticka-Tyndale, E. . Sexual health and Canadian youth: how do we measure up? The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 10, 1-17. MediaSmarts. . Young Canadians in a Wireless World, Phase IV: Encountering Harmful and Discomforting Content Online. MediaSmarts. Ottawa. 20YCWW 20Phase 20IV.pdf McKay, A. and Holowaty, P. . Sexual health education: a survey of adolescents' opinions, self-perceived needs, and current and preferred sources of information. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 6, 29-38. Rotermann, M. and McKay, A . Sexual behaviours, condom use and other contraceptive methods among 15- to 24-year-olds in Canada, Health Reports, 31, (9), 3-11. SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. Reading Required Reading Human Sexuality in a World of Diversity, 7th Canadian Edition, Chapter (Read only LO12.2: Adolescent Sexuality) and Chapter 15. for Further Research (Essay Assignments) Maticka-Tyndale, E. . Sexuality and sexual health of Canadian adolescents: yesterday, today and tomorrow. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 17, (3), 85-95. (Available online - Toronto Metropolitan University library system). Rotermann, M. and McKay, A . Sexual behaviours, condom use and other contraceptive methods among 15- to 24- year-olds in Canada, Health Reports, 31, (9), 3-11. x 2020009 article 00001-eng.pdf?st 1fEXpUbq SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. Part 2: Learning Objectives By the end of this part of the module students will be able to: 1. Classify and describe different ideological perspectives towards sexuality education in the schools. 2. Identify and describe Canadian's attitudes towards sexuality education in the schools. 3. Assess adolescent's needs with respect to sexuality education. 4. Identify the key ingredients of effective adolescent sexuality education. Topic Overview Introduction As we saw in Module 1, and throughout the course so far, the social context of human sexuality in Western culture can be examined in terms of the struggle between the Restrictive and Permissive sexual ideologies. Although Western society appears, over time, to be tilting towards Permissive sexual ideology, there are many sexuality issues upon which Canadian society remains divided. The issue of sexuality education in the schools is also a good case study for examining societal attitudes towards sexuality. \"Sex education is potentially a vehicle for social engineering par excellence, be it progressive or traditional\". \"...educators in the field of sexuality inevitably do their work under some assumptions about its purpose and value - assumptions that include a particular vision of the place of sexuality in social behaviour in general and the needs of teenagers in particular\" . In Module 4, we became familiar with the concept of socialization (The ways in which society conveys to the individual its expectations for his or her behaviour). To a great extent, our sexuality related attitudes and behaviours are the result of the socialization process that occurs as we are growing up. Along with families, friends, religious institutions, and the media, schools are among the most powerful socialization agents in our society. It's not surprising then, that opinions about what should be taught in school-based sexuality education will be a reflection of different ideological perspectives towards sexuality generally. Key Point Schools are one of the primary mechanisms for the socialization of youth in our society and, as a result, sexuality education in the schools is often perceived as a powerful force in shaping the sexuality attitudes and values of youth. Ideology and Sexuality Education: Different Perspectives Restrictive Sexual Ideology: During the 1970's and 1980's, proponents of Restrictive sexual ideology argued that sexuality education did not belong in the schools. In this view, education about sexuality should be left exclusively to parents and religious institutions. From this perspective, sexuality education in the schools would provoke increased sexual curiosity and behaviour among youth. As it became clear, particularly in the 1990's, that schools would play some role in educating youth about sexuality, proponents of Restrictive sexual ideology tended to modify their position to argue that school-based programs should be focused on the primary objective of teaching youth that sexual activity outside of marriage is immoral, psychologically harmful, and unhealthy. These so-called \"abstinence-only\" programs have been far more popular in the United States than in Canada. Indeed, the U.S. government actively funds and encourages abstinence programs. Legislation signed into law by U.S. President Bill Clinton in 1996 included a provision that in order to receive federal funding, sexuality education programs must teach \"...that a mutually monogamous relationship in the context of marriage is the expected standard of human sexual activity\" and \"...that sexual activity outside the context of marriage is likely to have harmful psychological and physical effects\" (cited in Daley, 1997, ). Permissive Sexual Ideology: During the 1970's and 1980's, proponents of Permissive sexual ideology argued that sexuality education did belong in the schools. From this perspective, sexuality education in the schools would help to reduce sexuality related social problems such as teen pregnancy and HIV STI. In this view, knowledge was preferable to ignorance and youth should be taught that sexuality is a natural and positive part of life. Students would be encouraged to clarify their own values about the appropriateness of premarital sex and they would also be informed about birth control methods and ways to reduce the risks of sexual activity (e.g., condom use). Although many school-based sexuality education programs in Canada today make a point of stressing the advantages of abstinence, most programs, particularly in non-religious public schools, do acknowledge the importance of dual protection against pregnancy and HIV STD for sexually active youth. A Democratic Approach to Sexuality Education: Is it possible for sexuality education in the schools to avoid indoctrinating youth with a particular sexual ideology? In one respect, it seems clear that as Canadian society has, in some respects, adopted a more Permissive sexual ideology, these shifts in social attitudes have been reflected in our approaches to teaching youth about sexuality. For example, teaching that using condoms is a wise choice for sexually active youth or including the sexual health education needs of LGBTQI2S students in school curricula can be seen as examples of sexuality education being informed by Permissive sexual ideology. On the other hand, many sexuality educators and policy makers, particularly in Canada, have suggested a philosophical approach to sexuality education that is based, first and foremost, not in either Restrictive or Permissive sexual ideology, but rather on the basic principles of a democratic society. As noted above, the U.S. government unambiguously sides with Restrictive sexual ideology by funding and promoting abstinence-only sex education. Although in Canada, education is a provincial responsibility, the Canadian federal government has played a role in the past in sexuality education. A notable example of this was the Public Health Agency of Canada's Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education which took a quite different approach than the stance taken by the U.S. government. Consider the following statements from those Canadian guidelines. The Guidelines stateed that effective sexual health education: \"is structured so that changes in behaviour and confidence is developed as a result of nonjudgemental and informed decision-making\" (). \"should be provided in an age-appropriate, culturally sensitive manner that is respectful of individual sexual diversity, abilities and choices\" (). In sum, it would appear that, in contrast to U.S. policy, Canadian approaches to sexuality education reflect basic democratic principles such as the right to self-determination and the right to receive information that enables people to make their own choices. For a more modern version of these principles see the Core Principles of Comprehensive Sexual Health Education from the 2019 edition of the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education: Before examining Canadian's attitudes towards sexuality education in schools, lets take a very quick look at the history of school-based sexuality education in Canada and briefly evaluate the quality of current sex education programs. A Brief History of School-based Sexuality Education in Canada Up until the 1970's, there were few debates about sexuality education in the schools, largely because few schools had sexuality education programs. Students sometimes received limited information about reproduction and sexually transmitted diseases through lectures on \"personal hygiene\", or through biology and physical education classes. Beginning in the 1970's, concern about teenage pregnancies combined with increasing societal openness about sexuality led to the gradual implementation of sexuality education programs in Canadian schools. In the 1980's and 1990's, alarm over HIV AIDS, high rates of other sexually transmitted infections in youth, as well as a growing recognition that most Canadian youth were becoming sexually active in their teens, prompted most secondary schools in Canada to introduce some form of sexuality education. By the mid-1990's, every province and territory in Canada either mandated or strongly recommended, through provincial departments of education or health, that some form of sexuality education be taught in the schools . More recently, the province of Quebec has removed sexual health education from its formal curriculum although the Quebec Ministry of Education recommends that teachers find ways to integrate sexual health issues into classroom teaching. Key Point Every province and territory in Canada either mandates or strongly recommends that some form of sexuality education be taught in the schools. The Current Status of Sexuality Education in Canadian Schools What can we say about the current status of sexuality education in Canadian schools? Although it would be accurate to say that most Canadian youth receive some form of sexuality education before they leave high school, it is also true that few Canadian youth receive sexuality education that provides them with the information and skills necessary to protect and enhance their sexual health. Key Point Although most Canadian youth receive some form of sexuality education before leaving high school, few of these programs provide the necessary information, motivation, and behavioural skills that youth need to protect and enhance their sexual health. The quality of sexuality education in Canadian schools varies from school to school, from school board to school board and from province to province. Thus, it is difficult to generalize about the quality of sexuality education in Canadian schools. However, a number of observations can be made that suggest that there are many weaknesses in contemporary sexuality education. 1. According to data from the Canadian Community Health Survey (Rotermann, 2012; SIECCAN, 2020), about 9 of youth have intercourse before age 15 and another 26 have intercourse at 15 or 16. Yet, many, if not most Canadian youth do not receive detailed education on birth control and condom use until the later grades of high school. In other words, by the time they receive sexuality education, many youth have already become sexually active. 2. Sexual health education programs for adolescents tend to focus primarily on the prevention of sexual problems such as STIs but pay little attention to the enhancement of sexual health and well-being (e.g., healthy, mutually satisfying and pleasurable relationships). 3. Many sexuality education programs in Canadian schools focus on providing basic factual information on the biological aspects of human sexuality. As we will see below, simply providing youth with information on the biological aspects of human sexuality is unlikely, by itself, to result in youth adopting behavioural practices to protect and enhance their sexual health. 4. Very few school teachers have been given specific training on how to provide effective sexuality education programs. 5. Many school principles and administrators believe that providing sexuality education in the schools is highly controversial. They are, therefore, often reluctant to have topics such as sexual orientation and condom use included in the curriculum out of fear that many parents will object to these topics being taught. Catholic schools, in particular, are often reluctant to teach these topics. Canadian Attitudes Towards Sexuality Education As noted above, there is a common perception that sexuality education in the schools is a controversial topic and that many parents strongly object to the idea that their children will be taught about topics such as sexual orientation and condom use. To what extent is this true? Some parents do object to these topics being taught because they do not want the schools to contradict the religious or ethnocultural values related to sexuality that they are trying to pass on to their children. However, it is also true that most parents want their children to receive sexuality education in the schools. Key Point A strong majority of parents approve of sexuality education in the schools. Not only do most Canadian parents want sexuality education taught in the schools, parents also want these programs to teach a broad range of topics. Surveys of parents in Canada have found that most parents approve of the teaching of a wide range of topics including healthy relationships, sexual pleasure, masturbation, methods of STI prevention, birth control, gender identity, and sexual orientation (McKay ., 2014; SIECCAN, 2020; Wood ., 2021). Most Canadian parents appear to recognize the importance of providing youth with broadly-based sexuality education that addresses the realities of adolescent sexuality and sexual behaviour. Not surprisingly, surveys of Canadian youth clearly show that they want relevant sexual health education provided in their schools . However, these same studies also show that few students are satisfied with the sexual health education they are currently receiving . Here is a recent assessment from youth in Canada on their sexual health education experiences and needs: Working Towards Effective Sexuality Education in the Schools In your required reading for this module you will learn about the characteristics of effective sexuality education programs. Among the most important characteristics of effective programs is that they use theoretical models of behaviour change to create and teach the program. Key Point Effective sexuality education programs are informed by theoretical models of behaviour change. The Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education demonstrate the Information, Motivation, Behavioural Skills theoretical model and we will use the IMB model here to illustrate the principles of effective sexuality education. For more information on the key ingredients of effective school-based sexual health education programs see the SIECCAN document Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. (Both of these document are available online at the SIECCAN website Traditionally, and in many cases today, sexuality education programs focus on providing students with factual information. For example, students might learn that condoms reduce the risk of HIV STI infection or that not having intercourse means that you don't have to worry about pregnancy. But does simply learning this kind of factual information translate into healthy behaviour? Research has consistently shown that learning factual information is not enough. Students must also be motivated to use the information they have learned and they must also learn the actual skills to incorporate the information into their behaviour. Let's look at two examples (obtaining discussing partner consent to sexual activity, using condoms, dental dams, or other barriers to prevent STI transmission) of how the IMB model can be used to formulate effective sexuality education for adolescents. Both of these examples are excerpted from the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education . Obtaining discussing partner consent to sexual activity Information Acquire knowledge relating to: General and legal definitions of clear, affirmative consent and sexual assault Factors that contribute to non-consensual sexual activity Understanding nonverbal communication Discussion of consent within relationships (e.g., consent should not be assumed just because people are already in a relationship) Communication skills needed to establish shared interest and mutual understanding of desired sexual behaviours Motivation Discuss Address: Personal attitudes towards the importance of clear, affirmative consent Ideas beliefs about personal responsibility to ensure the safety of others Ideas about perceived social support for obtaining clear, affirmative consent Perceived costs and benefits of clear, affirmative consent Personal comfort and competency in navigating conversations related to sexual behaviours, interests, and boundaries. Behavioural skills Practicing and applying the knowledge on: Bringing up and discussing communicating own consent and obtaining consent from partners (e.g., personal script for obtaining giving consent) Assessing verbal and nonverbal consent skills throughout the sexual encounter to ensure there is unambiguous, ongoing, clear, affirmative consent Bringing up and discussing shared interest and mutual understanding of desired sexual behaviours Condom Use, Dental Dam Use, or other Barrier Use to Prevent STI Transmission Information Acquire knowledge relating to: Basic information regarding anatomy, physiology, STIs, and pregnancy STI risk behaviours and transmission Effectiveness of condoms, dental dams, and other barriers in preventing STI transmission or acquisition What a condom is, what a dental dam is, what other types of barriers are (e.g., gloves) Where to access condoms, dental dams, and other barriers (including free and low-cost options) How to use a condom, dental dam, and other barriers, correctly (e.g., checking expiration dates, applying and removing barriers, storage of condoms, dental dams, and other barriers) How to discuss condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier use with a partner Keeping condoms, dental dams, and other barriers available Comfortable and pleasurable condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier use Motivation Discuss Address: Target audience s vulnerability to STIs Ideas beliefs about personal responsibility safety Ideas about sexual scripts and gender norms that impact condom, dental dam, and other type of barrier use Individual peer public attitudes norms towards using or not using condoms, dental dams, or other barriers The specific benefits of condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier use to the individual Behavioural skills Practicing and applying the knowledge on: How to access condoms, dental dams, and other types of barriers How to discuss condom, dental dam, and other types of barrier use with a partner Scripting unilateral use of a condom, a dental dam, or other type of barrier How to use a condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier (e.g., opening the package, putting a condom on, taking it off; placing the dental dam over a partner s vulva and or anus so that it creates a barrier between the mouth and the genitals) Skills for pleasurable condom, dental dam, and other type of barrier use (e.g., assessing condom fit, placing lube on the inside of the condom or dental dam) How to discuss and engage in alternative types of sex if no condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier is available These examples illustrate why sexuality education must go beyond providing factual information if it is to meaningfully contribute to adolescent sexual health. These examples also demonstrate that effective sexuality education for adolescents will focus on helping students develop relationship communication skills. Indeed, surveys of students indicate that they want sexuality education to include topics such as \"building equal romantic relationships\", \"sexual decision- making in dating relationships\", \"dealing with peer pressure to be sexually active\", and \"communicating about sex\" . Unfortunately, however, most school-based sexuality education programs fail to adequately address these topics. Key Point In order to effectively contribute to adolescent sexual health, sexuality education programs must include a focus on the development of relationship and communication skills. In Module 13 we will we will look at the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education in more detail and explore how the IMB model can be used to develop, implement, and evaluate sexual health programming for a wide variety different groups and objectives. Barrett, M. . Sexuality education in Canadian schools: an overview in 1994. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 3, 199-225. Daley, D. . Exclusive purpose: abstinence-only proponents create federal entitlement in welfare reform. SIECUS Report, 25(4), 3-7. McKay, A. Byers, E.S., Voyer, S.D., Humphreys, T.P., Markham, c. . Ontario parents' opinions and attitudes towards sexual health education in the schools. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 23, (3), 159-166. Public Health Agency of Canada. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Educ
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]: ation Council of Canada. . Rotermann, M. . Sexual behaviour and condom use of 15- to 24-year-olds in 2003 and 2009 2010. Health Reports, 23, (1), 1-5. Thompson, R. . Moral rhetoric and public health pragmatism: the recent politics of sex education. Feminist Review, 48, 40-60. Wood, J., McKay, A., Wentland, J. and Byers, E, S.. . Attitudes towards sexual health education in schools: A national survey of parents in Canada. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 30 (1), 19-31. Zabin, L. and Howard, S. . Adolescent Sexual Behavior and Childbearing. Newbury Park, CA: Sage publications. Reading Required Reading Human Sexuality in a World of Diversity, 7th Canadian Edition, Chapter 12 (Read only LO 12.2 Adolescent Sexuality) and Chapter 15. for Further Research (Essay Assignments) SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada.","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:48:33.257Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:03.334Z"},{"id":152,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 9 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 9 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/0b1a01a2-3cea-46c6-b7bd-73b243d9759e","contentType":"application/pdf","size":284420,"folder":"week-9-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:49:21.351Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:05.152Z"},{"id":153,"originalName":"Units 3,6 - 3,13.pdf","displayName":"Units 3,6 - 3,13.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/327b5e57-cfed-47d3-9d69-f00c2944729a","contentType":"application/pdf","size":9176641,"folder":"week-10-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:09.835Z"},{"id":154,"originalName":"Units 3,14 - 3,16.pdf","displayName":"Units 3,14 - 3,16.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/54eac3b0-bb7b-4a9d-badb-07cc700543c3","contentType":"application/pdf","size":9821103,"folder":"week-11-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:14.595Z"},{"id":155,"originalName":"Units 2,1 - 2,6.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,1 - 2,6.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/411fdc02-bea4-4fd7-a8d1-959a722657d0","contentType":"application/pdf","size":8837554,"folder":"week-5-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:21.464Z"},{"id":156,"originalName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/9b1643d4-0bb3-4db8-bffb-2233a9123b05","contentType":"application/pdf","size":3320970,"folder":"week-5-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:24.695Z"},{"id":157,"originalName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/da91c54c-987a-4acc-819c-edbc0225c39b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":3320971,"folder":"week-6-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:27.219Z"},{"id":158,"originalName":"Units 2,10 - 2,12.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,10 - 2,12.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CASL101 - American Sign Language/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Module/Units 2,10 - 2,12.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":9046130,"folder":"week-7-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:30.517Z"},{"id":159,"originalName":"Units 3,1 - 3,5.pdf","displayName":"Units 3,1 - 3,5.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/2acd804e-93dd-4855-b59e-76dd8721e586","contentType":"application/pdf","size":4158918,"folder":"week-9-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:33.343Z"},{"id":160,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 5 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 5 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 5 - Feb 7-13/Module/CPPA122, Module 5 - Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":0,"folder":"week-5-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":29,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Last week you watched a short video that talked about the Roles and Responsibilities of Elected Officials . It emphasized the importance of a good and respectful relationship between the mayor, councillors, and staff. We will continue our look at the structures and machinery of local government this week with a focus on the municipal administration (or public service) and municipal agencies, boards, and commissions (or special purpose bodies). Both connect in key ways with the political governance machinery of municipalities that was discussed last week. The module will also look at municipal accountability officers, who are part of the machinery of government but independent Topics and Learning Objectives Topics Municipal administration models and influence Accountability structures and officers Agencies, boards, and commissions Learning Objectives By the end of this module, you should be able to: Identify the different municipal administrative structures Assess the nature of the relationship between elected representatives and staff Explain municipal accountability processes and identify key accountability roles provincially established municipal agencies, boards, and commissions Readings Reading Please Note: You can access all non-textbook readings through the One-Stop Course Readings in the Table of Contents in your D2L Brightspace course. Required 1. Lucas, J. . Hidden in plain view: Local agencies, boards, and commissions in Canada. Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. 2. CAMA. (2023, March). The role and significance of the Chief Administrative Officer Position in Canadian A CAMA white paper on Ontario s strong mayor legislation and the pivotal role of the CAO in providing good governance. Canadian Association of Municipal Administrators. 3. Sancton, A. . Accountability officers and integrity in Canadian municipal government. Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. The Bureaucracy The municipal administration is the second component in the machinery of local government. Often referred to as the bureaucracy, this group includes all municipal staff and senior officials who are employed by the municipality. Kernaghan and Siegel define bureaucracy as a form of organization characterized by hierarchical structure, unity of command, hiring and promotion by merit, and specialization of labour . The term bureaucracy can sometimes have a negative connotation that brings to mind images about inefficient public sector employees. It is, however, based on sound principles of public administration and was introduced in an effort to establish fair and consistent decision-making and service and an emphasis on effectiveness. As Tindal . note, there have traditionally been requirements for the establishment of certain statutory officers of the municipality such as treasurer, clerk, or solicitor . While this has been changing over time and there is significant variation across the country, municipalities tend to have some designated, statutory positions. Municipalities are organized based on five basic models of municipal administration: 1. the departmental model, 2. the commissioner or board of management model, 3. the council-manager model, 4. the manager model, and 5. the city manager model. : Early Models Departmental and Board of Management The relationship between council, the administration, and special purpose bodies has evolved over time. The first period of development was from WWII to the 1970s and was characterized by a high degree of integration between municipal councils and the administration. The departmental model and board of management system were prevalent. Special purpose bodies were generally unquestioned. Departmental Model The departmental model was prominent in Canadian municipalities until the mid-1970s. functions and assigned responsibility for a function to an administrative department head. All department heads reported directly to the municipal council, often through a standing committee. Department heads were equal, and each had an independent relationship with the municipal council. Not surprisingly, the model had the tendency to promote the development of bureaucratic empires within departments. Coordination between departments was weak and there was little incentive to integrate policies or services. Commissioner or Board of Management Model The commissioner or board of management model assigns responsibility for the management of the municipality s affairs to a group or board rather than a single city manager. Each commissioner would have responsibility for a group of services for example, all hard services, soft services, corporate administrative services, etc. The group of commissioners, led by the chief administrative officer as a first among equals, would meet regularly to plan and coordinate the operations and management of the municipality. In the past, the mayor may have participated on the board of commissioners or board of management, providing a political- administrative link. 1970s Onward Shifting Models of Administration from the 1970s Onward By the mid-1970s and into the 1980s there was a shift to CAO and city manager models in larger cities. This changed the relationship between senior staff and elected representatives and between departments, which were under pressure to become more administratively integrated and work horizontally across boundaries. In some areas, there was a questioning of the role of special purpose bodies. The 1990s were a time of re-examination in local government that included looking at who does what, examining how it is done, as well as measuring and reorganizing in an effort to find cost savings and efficiencies. Both of these periods of change were influenced by business approaches and principles. There was a sense that governments in general, and local government in particular, were getting too large, were inefficient in delivering services, and had weak internal controls. Tindal . discuss the influence of new public management in local government in Canada and its influence on the organization of local governments. The emphasis on performance and accountability sets these NPM reforms apart from earlier structural changes, and the use of special purpose bodies and board of management and city manager terminology reinforce the desire for more control over government. Municipalities have continued to adapt to ongoing fiscal, downloading, and political pressures by restructuring and refocusing. In general, there has been a reduction in the number of senior officials in municipalities and an emphasis on integration and horizontal linkages within program areas. Municipal administrations are becoming more dynamic, and new approaches to managing issues are being implemented, including service clusters and project teams that involve internal and external stakeholders. Council-Manager Model The council-manager model, popular in the U.S., shifted power from department heads to a strong, central city manager (also called CAO). In this model, the city manager is the only point of contact for the administration with the elected council. Councils in the city-manager system do not usually have standing committees and there is little no interaction between senior staff and councillors. The manager has authority to hire and fire senior staff and exercises strong control over the administration. The city manager also has significant influence over the council, which does not generally have strong operational or program knowledge. While the city manager or CAO is very powerful, they are also very vulnerable, especially in situations of conflict. Sancton notes that there is no Canadian municipality where the full city manager CAO model has been implemented. Many municipalities were reluctant to move to the city manager model because of a fear that the city manager position would be too powerful both in the internal administrative side of the organization and politically in terms of challenges and rivalries with the mayor and members of council. However, Canadian municipalities faced pressures for greater professionalization and a stronger non-political role in managing the municipality. Thus, a modified manager model has become popular. A professional city manager would oversee all administrative activities and departmental functions and report to the municipal council. While the department heads report to the city manager, they also connect with the council through a standing committee structure and have accountability to council through that committee. Council is responsible for hiring the manager and is generally involved in some way in the appointment of senior staff. Chief Administrative Officer Model The chief administrative officer model is a weak or modified form of the city manager model. The CAO would have responsibility for all the administrative areas in the municipality, including finance, clerks, communications, human resources, and legal, but generally, they did not have responsibility for the operating departments that provide services directly to the public. In this model, these departments, such as parks and recreation, transportation, and social services, would be run by a department head or commissioner who would report directly The CAO would not have responsibility or authority for the major services provided by the municipality. City Manager Model In the city manager model, the most senior municipal staff position is the city manager who has responsibility for all municipal administration and service delivery. The city manager reports directly to council. Many authors, including the authors of the course textbook, will use city manager and chief administrative officer interchangeably. It is important to note that there was and still remains a difference in the roles and scope of authority in some municipalities. Preferred Administration Model Today Most municipalities use some form of the city manager or chief administrative officer. This super-bureaucrat plays a key role in the municipal administration and is usually selected and appointed under contract by the municipal council. what the municipality is looking for in its recruitment for a new CAO. Depending on the individual, they may have different types of relationships with the senior staff department heads. Plunkett (as referenced in Tindal ., 2017, 257) describes three types of relationships: Passive the city manager plays a passive role, coordinating and supporting department heads Dominant the manager plays a dominant role, managing and controlling operations and budgets and policy and program recommendations to council Active active relationships are the third type of relationship and are the most common. The city manager will be actively involved with departments in working toward shared priorities and managing the relationship with council. The city manager or CAO has a tough job navigating between the political and administrative and faces high expectations. As described by Canadian CAOs: The CAO is the conduit between governance and employees having that sensibility around making the politics work and the business work. (StrategyCorp, 2019, 53) Being a CAO is about knowing how to live in the political world while keeping one foot firmly in the administrative world. (StrategyCorp, 2018, 36) Municipal issues are complex and interconnected, and there is constant pressure for both innovation and efficiency. Municipalities provide services directly, but they also must manage services that are contracted out or delivered through private-public partnerships or other partnership arrangements. The municipal environment is dynamic because there are multiple stakeholders with competing interests, including the public, property owners (and taxpayers), businesses, developers, nonprofits and charities, the province or territory, and the federal government. Expectations are high. Activity Have a look at the municipal organization charts listed below and or look at municipalities you are familiar with, have visited, or have lived in, and look for their organization chart on their website. It can sometimes be difficult to find you may need to look under city services, city hall, or a similar broad heading. Here are a handful to get you started: Management structure Kamloops, British Columbia is a city of about 100,000 people. It is part of the Thompson-Nicola Regional District. Organization chart City of Greater Sudbury, Ontario has 161,000 people. Corporate organization chart City of Brampton in Peel Region has a population of over 600,000 people. Organization chart City of Toronto, population of more than 2.7 million people. Reflection 1. What do the charts tell you about the structure of the administration? 2. Which model best describes each of the municipal structures? 3. Based on your knowledge of the municipality and the council, do you think that the model is a good fit? Bureaucratic Influence Bureaucrats are expected to be unbiased, objective, and nonpartisan. Nonetheless, by virtue of their position, expertise, and experience, they exert varying degrees of influence on what municipal government does and how it is done. Senior officials have the most significant influence. While elected members of council vote on policies and programs, the senior bureaucrat plays a critical role in advising the members and implementing their decisions. reports to the standing committees (and sometimes directly to council) about issues, programs, funding, or new policies. Sometimes they are asked by these committees or by council to prepare a report on an issue; other times, they take the initiative and propose a new program or policy or a change to an existing policy. They answer questions, provide information at the committee meeting, and explain why they feel the item should be approved. Once a decision has been made, they are responsible for implementing the decision. There is usually some discretion involved in implementation or policy enforcement, and the senior staff can influence the implementation. Elected councillors rely heavily on senior staff. Councillors are often part-time and rarely have the background, education, or experience in the service areas. They are responsible for a wide range of services they cannot be experts in all the service areas and they come to rely on the knowledgeable and experienced senior staff for advice and direction. Often senior staff have an opinion or perspective on the issue, and their advice is influenced by their staff s perspective on the issue. The non-parliamentary nature of council politics reinforces the influence of the bureaucracy. Political parties usually develop position statements on key policy issues these statements guide the politicians while in office. When they are elected, their platform provides guidance to the bureaucrats concerning priorities and policy directions. As previously discussed, there is no formal party politics at the municipal level, and the municipal election does not create a clear mandate for staff to follow. This discussion is not meant to suggest that senior bureaucrats run the show at municipal council. Rather, it is to illustrate their influence on the machinery of local government and decision-making processes. Accountability Structures and Officers Municipalities may also include one or more independent accountability officers. These roles have been added by municipal councils over the last 20 years as independent officers reporting directly to council. While these officers are employees of the municipality, they are not part of the bureaucracy or administration. They instead focus on distinct functions related to accountability integrity; ethics; complaints; lobbying; stewardship of resources; and open, accessible decision-making. A municipal government must act in the best interest of its community members. councillors are elected by voters and are accountable and responsive to them. But elections are every four years, and accountability is muddied by factors such as poor memory; lack of information; fragmented service and funding structures and program partnerships; and contracting out. We will explore issues of municipal accountability later in the Module 10 discussion of municipal relationships with the public. In addition to accountability through elections, some provinces and territories have provided the option in provincial municipal acts for municipalities to pass bylaws to add formal accountability functions to their municipality. For example, the 2 Ontario Municipal Act gave municipalities the authority to appoint accountability officers. In other cases, provinces have required municipalities to add or arrange for specific accountability functions. Some of the specific accountability functions are described in the following tabs and include: : Integrity Commissioner Integrity commissioners are concerned with the ethical behaviour of elected councillors and the mayor, administer the code of conduct, and provide advice to members of council about potential conflict of interest or ethical issues. Integrity commissioners have authority over municipal councils and municipal agencies, boards, and commissions. Did You Know? Toronto created the first full-time municipal integrity commissioner in 2004 following the Bellamy Inquiry into a computer leasing scandal, which is discussed in the readings for this week. Calgary appointed an integrity commissioner in 2016 with dual integrity and ethics advisory responsibility. A municipal ombudsman is an independent officer who reviews actions and decisions taken by municipal councils and their agencies, boards, and commissions. Ombudsman functions have authority to investigate complaints from the public and to initiate investigations when they feel they are warranted. The exceptions are policy decisions and financial matters (which are the responsibility of the auditor general). The City of Montreal established an ombudsman in 2002. Ontario municipalities can establish their own independent officers or choose to be covered by the Ontario ombudsman. The Ontario ombudsman has authority to review decisions of municipal ombudspersons, except for those of the Toronto officer. Halifax, Winnipeg, and Vancouver are required to have ombudsman functions by their respective provincial legislation. Auditor General A municipal auditor general is different from the internally focused municipal auditor that is part of the municipal administration and reports through a committee of council. The independent auditor general reports directly to council and helps municipal councils be accountable for the stewardship of public funds and resources. Toronto is the only Ontario municipality required, in the 2 City of Toronto Act, to have an independent auditor general. Some municipalities have moved to integrate the auditor general and internal audit functions: Winnipeg changed the responsibilities for their auditor general to include internal audit functions in 2009 as have Hamilton, Calgary, and Edmonton. British Columbia appointed a provincial auditor general in 2012 to provide the independent review function for municipalities in that province. Lobbyist Registrar Registration A lobbyist registration system requires lobbyists to register with the municipality and to comply with municipal rules, processes, and codes of conduct. Lobbyists generally must register each interaction with municipal representatives, identifying who they lobbied and why. The cities of Toronto and Hamilton have independent lobbyist registrars with responsibility for administering the process. When it was set up, Toronto s lobbyist registration was voluntary, but it was subsequently changed to mandatory. The City of Ottawa has combined the integrity commissioner and lobbyist registrar function. The City of Winnipeg originally established an integrity commissioner but expanded the role to include lobbyist registrar before the first official was appointed in early 2017. Closed Meeting Investigator Municipal acts use terms like open, transparent, and accountable to describe municipal decision-making processes. This legislation sets out strict parameters for municipalities to meet in camera in meetings that are closed to the public. The closed meeting investigator reviews municipalities to ensure that they are functioning in accordance with the closed meeting rules. The British Columbia provincial ombudsman investigates closed municipal meetings; in Ontario, the provincial ombudsman does the same, except for Toronto and Ottawa, which have independent closed meeting investigators. Accountability officers provide advice and make recommendations to municipal councils, who, in turn, have the authority to make decisions on the issues and impose any penalties or sanctions. Accountability officers have limited formal authority, but considerable power to influence public opinion (Sancton, 2017, 1). Their independence and public reports provide valuable information to municipal voters and community members. Pause and Reflect Examine your municipalities website. Does it talk about accountability to the community and voters? Does the municipality have accountability officers? If not, does it provide information for community members about how to access provincial officers who provide oversight on municipal decisions and actions? Is the information easy to find and clearly communicated? Do a bit more digging to learn if your municipality has had issues related to accountability. If so, what role did accountability officers play in investigating and resolving the issue? What Are Special Purpose Bodies and What Do They Do? In addition to municipalities, there are a number of other decision-making service delivery bodies at the municipal level known as special purpose bodies or agencies, boards, and commissions that are part of local government. Tindal . estimate that there are about 8,000 municipal special purpose bodies in Canada that control significant resources. I n many Canadian cities, more than a third of the city s operating budget is handed over to special-purpose bodies every year. (Lucas, 2013, 2) Examples include transit commissions, police services boards, hydro commissions, heritage boards, and conservation authorities. Key Point Special purpose bodies are assigned specific responsibility for a purpose or mandate; their role and powers vary depending on their area of focus. These bodies differ greatly in their role and membership. Some have service delivery responsibility while others have service delivery and policy-making powers. Special purpose bodies generally have jurisdictional boundaries that reflect municipal boundaries or the boundaries of a group of municipalities. They have a degree of autonomy from the municipal government and can be created by municipal bylaw or imposed by a province or territory through legislation. Agencies, boards, and commissions are controlled by independent boards that include elected municipal representatives, municipal appointees, provincial appointees, or a mix of each. Funding arrangements also vary they can t impose taxes and often impose user charges. They may receive significant funding from the municipal government or provincial grants. In some cases the municipality will have authority to approve the agency, board, or commission budget because it is integrated into the municipal budget; in other cases it can either approve or reject (but not adjust) the budget; and in other cases, it has no control over the budget. Why Do We Have Special Purpose Bodies? During the early reform phases (discussed in Module 2), provinces deliberately established municipal special purpose bodies to transfer power away from the municipalities to bodies that were composed of provincial appointees (e.g., the Ontario Railway and Municipal Board established in 1906). This served to undermine local democracy by taking power from locally elected representatives and giving it to provincially appointed individuals. In 1977, John Robarts, previous premier of Ontario, headed up a royal commission reviewing the municipal government in the city of Toronto s two-tier metro system. Robarts wrote: The province exercises control over many local services by delegating the responsibility for them not to councils but to special purpose bodies and further that they appear to be sub- units of provincial administration rather than units of local government administration (Ontario, 1977, 96 and 99). This tension continues with each appointment to a provincially designated municipal special purpose body. Provincially established special purpose bodies still serve to disperse decision-making about municipal services and weaken municipal councils. Municipalities have established special purpose bodies, most recently as part of new public management initiatives to move municipalities out of the business of and position them as policy makers, steering the municipality. Municipalities established new corporations and delegated responsibility to them for programs, and they established new bodies with other municipalities to manage joint programs. Municipal special purpose bodies are established by municipalities to serve municipal interests. Many of these organizations are formally incorporated, like the Toronto Transit Commission , Toronto Community Housing, and the Toronto Zoo. The municipality is the sole shareholder of the organization and sets the terms, conditions, and mandate for the special purpose body. Ontario municipalities have a number of other municipal bodies, established in response to provincial legislation and requirements, that vary in the level of control and influence in the municipality. For example, school boards are directly funded by and accountable to the Ontario government, yet school board representatives are directly elected in municipal elections. Police service boards and public health boards include some municipally elected representatives and appointed citizen members. Police boards also include provincially appointed members. Inter-municipal Agencies, Boards, or Commissions Sometimes municipalities work together to form organizations like the Association of Municipalities of Ontario , the Association of Manitoba Municipalities , or the Federation of Municipalities of Canada . Alternatively, they may collaborate with municipal neighbours by establishing an agency to address issues of joint concern. Provincially Established Municipal Special Purpose Bodies Many special purpose bodies are mandated by the province or territory. This means that there is legislation that assigns responsibility for the service to an agency, board, or commission established by the province or territory. Here are three Ontario-based examples to illustrate different types of provincially established municipal special purpose bodies. : Police Services Boards Ontario In Ontario, the Police Services Act requires the establishment of a police services board in every municipality that has a police force. The legislation describes the role, membership, and appointment of local police services boards. Boards of three, five, or seven members are required, depending on population size. The police services board in Toronto includes the mayor, two councillors, three provincial appointees, and one citizen appointee. The police chief is accountable to the board, and the board is accountable to the community as well as to the Ontario Civilian In 2019, the City of Toronto estimated that the average property owner, with a property tax of 3,020, would contribute 703.21 toward the cost of policing . Even though the City of Toronto has to raise the money to pay for policing through the property tax, they do not direct the police force or set policing policy, with three of seven votes on the police services board. Metrolinx Metrolinx is a provincial agency that was originally established as the Greater Toronto Transit Authority and included members from municipal councils in the Greater Toronto area. The GTTA was changed to Metrolinx in 2006 and given responsibility for regional transportation planning, developing a unified regional transit fare system, procurement, and duties including development and construction related to the regional transportation system. Metrolinx s 15-member board of directors is appointed by the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario on behalf of Ontario. There are no elected members of council from any of the municipalities in the Metrolinx catchment area on the board of directors, even though some of them operate municipal transit programs. The provincial agency makes decisions that have implications for municipal transit operators. For example, Metrolinx is rolling out a common electronic payment system, called Presto, across the partner transit systems. Each transit operator is concerned about a negative impact of this system on their operations. The TTC, Toronto s transit provider, published the results of a study that the TTC had lost revenues of about 4.2 M as a result of the Toronto roll-out of the payment system. In addition, Metrolinx s responsibility for transit planning and decisions about investment in new transit have implications for municipal economic development and growth. Decisions about new GO stations (a regional transit service) or frequency of transit service can influence the shape of municipalities. Metrolinx provides an example of a provincially established ABC that integrates and plans for regions (including municipalities) without decision-making involvement of the elected officials from those municipalities. You have read about the Ontario Municipal Board in earlier modules. Other provinces have similar independent oversight bodies established to monitor and make some decisions related to municipalities. The OMB was established in 1906 as the Ontario Railway and Municipal Board to oversee the finances of municipalities and supervise the railways, which were, at the time, the main source of transport between municipalities. Eventually, the OMB gained more responsibility to adjudicate in cases of dispute related to some regulations, planning, and development. Interestingly, it has retained authority to approve municipal borrowing for capital expenditures for all Ontario municipalities! The OMB was controversial in its role as the appeal body in the case of a dispute over a municipal decision. It was used most frequently to challenge decisions regarding zoning and planning matters, but Module 4 described how a councillor appealed to the OMB regarding the decision on Toronto ward boundaries. In 2018, Ontario replaced the OMB by giving municipalities the authority to establish independent local planning appeal tribunals in accordance with provincial legislation. Toronto set up a Toronto Local Planning Appeal Tribunal to assume some of the functions previously provided by the OMB, including appeals on a range of planning and land matters. In 2019, Ontario announced changes to the LPAT process instead of referring appeals back to the municipality for further consideration if the tribunal disagreed with the municipal decision, the LPAT would have the authority to make the final and binding decision. In effect, they were given the powers of the old OMB, which led to widespread criticism of that provincial agency. This is a good example of how agencies can be used and adapted based on political interests in this case, based on provincial interests. Are Special Purpose Bodies Good for Local Government? There is considerable debate whether special purpose bodies are good for local government. Supporters argue that some services, such as policing, may be too sensitive to leave in the hands of elected officials and they appreciate the mixed board structure that includes at least one community representative. Others support the focus and attention to a service area or issue given by a special purpose body and to the assignment of responsibility to appointees with expertise and knowledge of the issue area. Municipalities have wide and broad responsibility. Assigning some of that responsibility to a special purpose agency will bring attention and clear focus to that service and, at the same time, will give municipal councils more time and energy to address their core functions. The result may be more effective and more efficient service delivery. Critics counter that it is undemocratic to take power from elected officials who have been chosen by the public to represent them and assign it to appointed individuals with no direct accountability. Unelected special purpose bodies may not be responsive to public concerns. The existence of so many bodies can lead to confusion among residents about how local government works. Transparency in decision-making processes may vary among municipal agencies, contributing to confusion and concerns about accountability. Similar questions of accountability can be directed to the composition of the boards. Should they include elected or appointed members or both? What about provincial boards established in municipal areas should they include municipal representatives, either elected or appointed? Accountability is also important in funding. Municipalities contribute to many agencies, boards, and commissions but don t always have a say in how the resources are used. Provincially established municipal agencies bring additional benefits and challenges. If the agency crosses municipal boundaries, it has potential to bring attention and leadership to a shared issue of concern. It is possible that a provincially established municipal agency will have access to provincial funds that otherwise wouldn t have been available. Moreover, in situations where there is conflict among municipalities, a provincially established municipal agency may be able to negotiate a resolution. Provincial special purpose bodies are often seen to be a way of weakening local councils and extending provincial control This happens through the establishment of the agency and in the ongoing appointment of provincial nominees to the board of the special purpose body. There is no local accountability for the actions of provincial municipal agencies the accountability is to the province. Community members, confused by municipal agencies and the municipality, will be further confused by the existence of provincially established agencies at the municipal level. As the examples showed, there is potential for conflict and tension about political agendas and priorities and funding. Provincially established municipal agencies reduce scope for municipal decision-making autonomy John Robarts, quoted earlier, recommended that all special purpose bodies be abolished and that responsibility for the issue areas should be given back to municipalities. Pause and Reflect Look again at your municipal website. Does the website identify any municipally established special purpose bodies? If so, what do they do and how do they connect with the municipality? Are there some agencies, boards, and commissions that you know about that aren t listed on the website? Why? What about provincial special purpose bodies? Is there information on the municipal website about them? If not, is it easy to identify them and learn more? Finally, do you think there are more advantages or disadvantages to having municipal special purpose bodies? What about provincially established municipal agencies, boards, and commissions are you pro or con? Summary This module completes our look at the machinery of local government. It showed that municipal councils may be the elected decision-makers in local government, but agencies, boards, and commissions also make important decisions about key municipal services and programs. The module distinguished between municipally and provincially established special purpose bodies that are active at the municipal level and considered the implications for municipal authority and autonomy. Staff support informed decision-making and implement directions from council they too play an important role in shaping and influencing decisions and implementation. The different administrative models show different relationships between senior staff and municipal councils, with implications for authority and influence. The module introduced accountability officers senior staff appointed directly by municipal council who report directly to council. These accountability officers are independent municipal employees and are not part of the administration. Not all municipalities have these functions, but many are covered by officers providing some of the functions at the provincial or territorial level. The machinery of local government is complex and dynamic. It changes over time based on events and actions, our understanding of local government, and the relationships between the elected representatives, the administration, and the agencies, boards, and commissions. The assignment Municipal Decision-Making due at the end of this course week will give you the opportunity to further reflect on the machinery of local government. The municipal administration is a key element of the machinery of local government. The administrative models have evolved over time based on a number of pressures, including the relationship with council. Most municipalities follow a city manager (or CAO) model. The city manager plays an important leadership role in the municipality, straddling the political and administrative and juggling a range of challenging issues. Municipal accountability functions include integrity commissioners, municipal ombudspersons, auditor generals, lobbyist registrars, and closed meeting investigators. These may be internal to the municipality, reporting directly to council and separate from municipal administrations, or provided by the province or territory for all municipalities. Municipal agencies, boards, and commissions play important roles in delivering a range of local services and programs. They can be established by the municipality or by a province or territory to cover one or more municipalities. While there are clear benefits to special purpose bodies, there are also some important challenges related to accountability, transparency, and autonomy. Next week we will begin the first of three modules that examine municipal relationships. will explore intergovernmental relationships municipal relationships with the federal, provincial, and territorial governments. Week 5 Discussion Note: There is no discussion this week to give you additional time to focus on your assignment. However, you are encouraged to share your thoughts on this week s content in the optional Week 5 Discussion area. Were you surprised by any of the content or readings? What did you learn about your local municipality and its administration, accountability officers, or agencies, boards, and commissions? Share your thoughts and comments on one or more of the Pause and Reflect questions in this module. Note: You can access the Discussion Forums and Topics from the Communications menu in your D2L course. Please make sure that your participation in all discussion forums adheres to the Toronto Metropolitan University online etiquette guidelines listed in the Course Outline. Assignment Assignment 1 is due at the end of this course week Friday by p.m. See the Assignments section of the Course Materials area in D2L for details. Couture, J. and Breux, S. . Do responsiveness and accountability matter at the municipal level? In Breux, S. and Couture, J. (Eds.), Accountability and responsiveness at the municipal level: Views from Canada. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen s University Press. Dassonneville, R. . Accountability and responsiveness at the municipal level: Limitations and opportunities. In Breux, S. and Couture, J. (Eds.), Accountability and responsiveness at the municipal level: Views from Canada. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen s University Press. Kernaghan, K. and Siegel, D. . Public administration in Canada, (3rd ed.) (). Toronto: Nelson Canada. Lucas, J. . Hidden in plain view: Local agencies, boards, and commissions in Canada PDF . Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. (1977, June). Report of the Royal Commission on Metropolitan Toronto, volume 2 PDF . . Canadian local government: An urban perspective, (2nd ed.). Don Mills, Ontario: Oxford University Press. Sancton, A. . Accountability officers and integrity in Canadian municipal government PDF . Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. , Lyons, J. and Graham, K. . Local government in practice: Cases in governance, planning, and policy. Toronto: Emond Montgomery Publications, Ltd. Tindal, C. R., Tindal, S. N., Stewart, K. and Smith, P. J. . Local government in Canada, (9th ed.). Scarborough: Nelson Education. Toronto. . How your 2019 tax dollars worked. (2019, September 3). Bill 108: New processes and rules for the Local Planning Appeal Tribunal. ELTO News. Ontario. Retrieved from tribunal","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:57:52.174Z","createdAt":"2026-02-07T08:58:21.142Z"},{"id":161,"originalName":"urban-politics-local-government-in-canada.pdf","displayName":"urban-politics-local-government-in-canada.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 5 - Feb 7-13/Module/urban-politics-local-government-in-canada.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":0,"folder":"week-5-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":6,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Municipal Governing Structureficiency and accountability: these values have been central to the discourse on reforming local governing structures in Canada, and more generally, over the past several decades. For LSE ANU s Peter Self, they are zero-sum related: the more you seek to add to efficiency, the more you detract from the accountability side of the equation, or visa versa. This applies to reform efforts around metropolitan amalgama- tions as in Halifax, Ottawa, or Toronto; it also applies to pressures on local governments to engage in more P3s (public-private partnerships) for the delivery of local services, and it impacts new public management debates about reforms to municipal governing structures. Many of the governing models used over recent years and the phi- losophies underlying them have focused more on efficiency and coor- dination in the delivery of services to the relative neglect of the political, representative, and accountability aspects that are (or should be) equally a concern of municipal governments. Self has called this efficiency- accountability dilemma the question in all of public administration.1 Introduction An examination of how municipalities are governed logically starts with their internal governing machinery, and particularly the way councils and staff are organized and interrelate. A number of different governing structures have been found in Canada s municipalities over the years, each with particular strengths or shortcomings. Institutional structure is 1 Peter Self, Administrative Theories and Politics, London, UK: Allen and Unwin, 1977, 79. Municipal Governing Structures 225 important because it is the vehicle through which the basic purposes and values a society wishes to pursue through local government are carried out. It is thus presumed that institutions matter that political and policy outcomes will differ
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]:  as institutional structure differs. 2 A number of variations on the basic municipal structure have been introduced over the years. These institutional reforms have usually been a response to changes in the prevailing values and roles associated with municipal government and, in turn, the new structures arising from the reforms have their own impacts on the local level and the distribution of power within it. As will become evident, much of that impact tended to affect adversely the representative, political, and accountability aspects of In recent years, the focus has shifted from municipal institutions to new governing arrangements that increasingly extend to organizations and operations outside formal municipal structure. This broader focus reflects the growing appreciation of the distinction between govern- ment and governance, a distinction briefly introduced in Chapter 1 and referred to several times since.3 Government refers to the formal institu- tions of the state, election arrangements, and decision-making processes. Governance is a broader term that refers to the relationships between the formal institutions of government and civil society.4 Governance is more flexible (and less well defined) and can embrace a wide variety of rela- tionships. Local government, therefore, refers to democratically elected In contrast, local governance encompasses these governing structures as well as other public, private, and voluntary bodies that are harnessed to address com- munity needs. Some view the concept of local governance as little more than a device for shifting responsibilities from local governments to the private and voluntary sectors a means of offloading expenditures or providing an opening for private companies to pick up business. A more positive view is that local governance is not a replacement for local government but an additional mechanism for achieving broader cooperation and coordination 2 Harold Wolman, Local Government Institutions and Democratic Governance, in David Judge, Gerry Stoker, and Harold Wolman, Theories of Urban Politics, London, UK: Sage Publications, 1995, . 3 The discussion of terms that follows is an amalgam of definitions and comparisons provided by Robin Hambleton, Hank V. Savitch, and Murray Stewart (eds.), Globalism and Local Democracy, London, UK: Palgrave Publishers Ltd., 2002, 51; H.V. Savitch and Paul Kantor, Cities in the International Marketplace, Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2002, 30; and Mario Pol se and Richard Stren (eds.), The Social Sustainability of Cities, Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 2000, 20. 4 For a relatively recent discussion of civil society aspects, see Peter McKinlay, Who Builds Civil Society, MDL Monthly Insights, Auckland, New Zealand, July 2015. at the local level. More insights into the nature of local governance will be provided in the next two chapters. The Machinery of Municipal Government Before venturing into the larger and less distinct world of local gover- nance, let s begin with the machinery of local government. More spe- cifically, we will examine the machinery of municipal government not including the structures that may be found amongst the wide variety of agencies, boards, and commissions that form part of local government. On the surface, this approach sounds quite straightforward, and the basic structure of municipal government is certainly simpler than that found at the provincial and federal levels, with their separate executive and legislative branches. There aren t separate branches of government at the municipal level; responsibilities are concentrated in the elected council and are carried out by appointed staff who are mostly organized into a number of functionally specialized departments. he powers assigned to a municipality are exercised on behalf of its resi- dents and ratepayers by a council elected by them. Provincial legislation usually includes provisions for the form of council and such details as the number of councillors and whether election is by general vote (at-large) or by ward (a distinction discussed below). legislation passed in most provinces over the past decade (and discussed in Chapter 6) often gives municipalities somewhat more discretion with respect to such matters. Municipal councils consist of a head (known as warden or chair in counties and other upper-tier governments; mayor in cities and towns; and reeve, chair, or overseer in villages and townships) and a widely varying number of councillors. While the total membership varies greatly, there has been a tendency to have small councils of from 5 to 15 members, largely on the grounds that a small group is less unwieldy and more efficient in making decisions with the more recent exceptions being amalgamated megacities such as Toronto. Members of council are expected to represent the local community and act on its behalf although that role is not nearly as simple or straightforward as it sounds, as discussed below. They also exercise a policy-making role through which they determine services and service levels, approve budgets, enact rules and regulations, and generally shape the local community and the quality of life within it. A third general role of councillors is managerial (for want of a better term), and it involves Chapter 8 Municipal Governing Structures 227 providing an oversight of municipal operations to ensure that policies are implemented as intended, funds are expended as authorized, and pro- grams are delivered efficiently and effectively. This local politician civic staff relationship is sometimes a bit more nuanced, with suggestions that permanent professional staff can at times have more policy sway than is generally understood.5 THE REPRESENTATIVE ROLE OF MEMBERS OF COUNCIL The roles of councillors in making policy and overseeing implementation of policy by municipal staff receive a good deal of emphasis and will be explored in a subsequent section on council-staff relations. But it is a con- sistent theme of this text that the representative role of municipal govern- ment is most important, and it is the elected members of council who fulfill this role, well or poorly. The longstanding bias in favour of small councils makes it more likely that they will not represent adequately the diversity of the population. Relatively small councils are even found in many of Canada s largest municipalities. For example, Vancouver has a mayor and 10 councillors, and Edmonton has had 12 councillors (plus a mayor) since","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:58:10.738Z","createdAt":"2026-02-10T03:10:04.603Z"},{"id":162,"originalName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","displayName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/1a42fa1a-3b82-4621-aeeb-ae620c6fdb53","contentType":"application/pdf","size":100000,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-03-11T05:15:59.835Z"},{"id":163,"originalName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","displayName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/c61a1211-2108-40b5-9e53-49cf79005873","contentType":"application/pdf","size":308370,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-03-11T05:16:14.998Z"},{"id":164,"originalName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","displayName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/7de368e1-9d53-44d2-b81c-d20991691281","contentType":"application/pdf","size":308370,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":6,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:09:26.723Z","createdAt":"2026-03-11T05:16:25.339Z"},{"id":172,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/83188d9a-4120-478c-b387-c23051c5b8cd","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:09:54.997Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T13:03:33.762Z"},{"id":173,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/57d12a66-8c56-4b7f-b4e8-4df3a0d40a33","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:10:23.572Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T14:06:12.499Z"},{"id":174,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/47e96bc5-8ec6-4837-987f-48fc09a13418","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:11:02.552Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:24:53.108Z"},{"id":175,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/5743ffaf-6721-49d7-b709-9f46cda93e0f","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:11:31.314Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:27:51.475Z"},{"id":176,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/da551f22-fd31-4a74-bf0a-1aeb550595b2","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:12:06.028Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:34:38.528Z"},{"id":177,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/4af7b3d8-fd79-46b8-b2fe-309ab2d25307","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:12:30.159Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:57:12.465Z"},{"id":178,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/786bffb0-ae6f-4957-a3a1-8f1b52651841","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:12:55.022Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T18:11:58.132Z"},{"id":179,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/cb202050-59b0-4ae4-8979-ba1079138a26","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:13:19.274Z","createdAt":"2026-04-05T00:26:35.479Z"}]
Apr 06 08:15:08 raspberrypi node[7671]: [Cat Lights] Nest volume set to 0.75 for playback
Apr 06 08:15:11 raspberrypi node[7671]: 8:15:11 AM [express] GET /api/files/122 200 in 2ms :: {"id":122,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 12 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 12 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/ec400fb6-174b-44f7-be69-701c27d4583e","contentType":"application/pdf","size":206058,"folder":"week-12-cppa122-module","listened":true,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:28:52.999Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:05.386Z"}
Apr 06 08:15:12 raspberrypi node[7671]: 8:15:12 AM [express] GET /api/files 200 in 153ms :: [{"id":92,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 1 - Welcome.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 1 - Welcome.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/8dbf73fc-9cc2-45d3-bfa9-166b64d9b598","contentType":"application/pdf","size":380949,"folder":"week-1-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T22:15:02.641Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.843Z"},{"id":93,"originalName":"A Citizen's Guide to Government.pdf","displayName":"A Citizen's Guide to Government.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/92c68aff-ae80-438e-8ece-c33dd1647630","contentType":"application/pdf","size":617534,"folder":"week-1-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T22:15:25.184Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.879Z"},{"id":94,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 2 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 2 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/d2596e74-c454-4d29-9b77-e0a14e060957","contentType":"application/pdf","size":292550,"folder":"week-2-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T22:16:50.085Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.893Z"},{"id":95,"originalName":"156CBA1A.pdf","displayName":"156CBA1A.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/b1e539de-a397-454e-8912-e97df6f4feaf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1016087,"folder":"week-2-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T22:17:25.919Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.897Z"},{"id":96,"originalName":"156C823F.pdf","displayName":"156C823F.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/35d6e9ef-f8fc-46dc-88b7-0d441307862d","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1348962,"folder":"week-2-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:07:43.423Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.900Z"},{"id":97,"originalName":"44320906-Supplementary.pdf","displayName":"44320906-Supplementary.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/7fbb3260-4e04-4578-8a79-207c29f64fa8","contentType":"application/pdf","size":630516,"folder":"week-3-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:56:07.949Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.903Z"},{"id":98,"originalName":"AM.OrgCdnLocGovt.Spicer.pdf","displayName":"AM.OrgCdnLocGovt.Spicer.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/b12aa8b5-4ca0-4b01-9b07-7b7b919157e1","contentType":"application/pdf","size":414847,"folder":"week-3-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:57:46.332Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.906Z"},{"id":99,"originalName":"IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf","displayName":"IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/eb371306-ee4d-4920-b911-160bd535d8e1","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1177012,"folder":"week-3-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:03:00.643Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.909Z"},{"id":100,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 3 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 3 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/fb73649f-402b-4dbe-834e-8b165e2c0535","contentType":"application/pdf","size":385275,"folder":"week-3-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:04:44.357Z","createdAt":"2026-02-03T12:33:32.913Z"},{"id":101,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 4 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 4 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/c9c4ca26-78c8-4ae3-a87c-27e10a589c8d","contentType":"application/pdf","size":425452,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:14:53.103Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:25.399Z"},{"id":102,"originalName":"156CB68A.pdf","displayName":"156CB68A.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f59bdef1-881c-4675-85a8-254f3cb381cb","contentType":"application/pdf","size":36568383,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:31:50.191Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:33.475Z"},{"id":103,"originalName":"62263157-c416-47a7-8207-8eab759500b8.pdf","displayName":"62263157-c416-47a7-8207-8eab759500b8.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/ff53516a-12b1-455e-96f8-09006e1cf409","contentType":"application/pdf","size":6452348,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:33:37.422Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:35.247Z"},{"id":104,"originalName":"CherylN.CollierJonat_2024_ThePoliticsofOntarioSecondEdition.pdf","displayName":"CherylN.CollierJonat_2024_ThePoliticsofOntarioSecondEdition.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/e874a987-a00a-41cd-98ba-f729939621af","contentType":"application/pdf","size":7520151,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:37.134Z"},{"id":105,"originalName":"Municipal 101 _ AMO.pdf","displayName":"Municipal 101 _ AMO.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/711220c1-57b0-4c5b-bb0f-a5c3d9f52c67","contentType":"application/pdf","size":2030200,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:33:49.054Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:37.881Z"},{"id":106,"originalName":"shaping-the-metropolis-institutions-and-urbanization-in-the-united-states-and-canada-9780773558427_compress.pdf","displayName":"shaping-the-metropolis-institutions-and-urbanization-in-the-united-states-and-canada-9780773558427_compress.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/ef3ef143-8b2a-4402-8c01-9c78e0134afd","contentType":"application/pdf","size":15409717,"folder":"week-4-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T13:54:34.365Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:41.249Z"},{"id":107,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 4 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 4 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/672a0f2a-8c22-4bc3-90e4-5c349bd41db5","contentType":"application/pdf","size":388310,"folder":"week-4-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:15:30.446Z","createdAt":"2026-02-04T09:28:44.758Z"},{"id":108,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 10 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 10 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/2996dc2e-98fa-4b52-984c-fbfd30b89172","contentType":"application/pdf","size":823471,"folder":"week-10-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:36:04.182Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:55.642Z"},{"id":109,"originalName":"156CBEBA.pdf","displayName":"156CBEBA.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/826861c9-1ba7-4d6c-97d3-3c4091d1b746","contentType":"application/pdf","size":157835,"folder":"week-10-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:37:57.524Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:56.703Z"},{"id":110,"originalName":"26929898.pdf","displayName":"26929898.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/5a5ae8b3-7dcd-41be-9e48-5327ab539ee8","contentType":"application/pdf","size":446851,"folder":"week-10-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:39:53.180Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:57.149Z"},{"id":111,"originalName":"AUMA-UP42-ResPapr-CommEngageLocalComm.Jones_.Oct11.pdf","displayName":"AUMA-UP42-ResPapr-CommEngageLocalComm.Jones_.Oct11.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/be91187e-1ce7-463a-b0b0-a73983a9e0e3","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1589636,"folder":"week-10-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:40:56.202Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:57.807Z"},{"id":112,"originalName":"The Paradox of Participation_ An Overview of Public Participation and Local Government in Canada_26_01_13_02_25_03.pdf","displayName":"The Paradox of Participation_ An Overview of Public Participation and Local Government in Canada_26_01_13_02_25_03.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/53419818-5369-4c94-8ef6-193f9217562b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":386373,"folder":"week-10-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:42:35.328Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:58.112Z"},{"id":113,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 11 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 11 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f379c837-f786-42ca-a852-b8cd955d189c","contentType":"application/pdf","size":554604,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:31:25.697Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:01:59.572Z"},{"id":114,"originalName":"156CBA19.pdf","displayName":"156CBA19.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/392dc22a-29b3-4485-87b4-c08a9a56f2e8","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1315608,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:31:42.640Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:00.687Z"},{"id":115,"originalName":"ANALYSIS_ Potential impact of tariffs on municipalities _ Alberta Municipalities.pdf","displayName":"ANALYSIS_ Potential impact of tariffs on municipalities _ Alberta Municipalities.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/e627d784-77d3-4f4e-838e-598c6ee44482","contentType":"application/pdf","size":177099,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:31:46.471Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:00.990Z"},{"id":116,"originalName":"Canadian municipalities continue leading the tariff fight - Municipal World.pdf","displayName":"Canadian municipalities continue leading the tariff fight - Municipal World.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/75a88595-9c02-40a9-aedf-54558fa991ae","contentType":"application/pdf","size":2841411,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:02.767Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:01.997Z"},{"id":117,"originalName":"Let’s empower municipalities, too often the little siblings of federalism.pdf","displayName":"Let’s empower municipalities, too often the little siblings of federalism.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/ccd54832-0b9f-4c69-bb58-d48fe6d28028","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1183647,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:15.897Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:02.519Z"},{"id":118,"originalName":"Municipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond_ Part One - StrategyCorp.pdf","displayName":"Municipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond_ Part One - StrategyCorp.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/82e13a3b-2af8-4631-8c23-668fe2c78962","contentType":"application/pdf","size":180293,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:30.176Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:02.827Z"},{"id":119,"originalName":"Municipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond_ Part Two - StrategyCorp.pdf","displayName":"Municipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond_ Part Two - StrategyCorp.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/098fb2b1-395e-415d-990c-dde51914f972","contentType":"application/pdf","size":140661,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:44.874Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:03.127Z"},{"id":120,"originalName":"out.pdf","displayName":"out.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/07d6da59-b38a-4996-bb42-9dddb920533d","contentType":"application/pdf","size":246983,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:55.543Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:03.464Z"},{"id":121,"originalName":"PUBLIC OPINION RESEARCH REPORT.pdf","displayName":"PUBLIC OPINION RESEARCH REPORT.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/1bf23ae2-e9ef-4cf9-8ad9-d5714ff70b4e","contentType":"application/pdf","size":542701,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:03.833Z"},{"id":122,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 12 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 12 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/ec400fb6-174b-44f7-be69-701c27d4583e","contentType":"application/pdf","size":206058,"folder":"week-12-cppa122-module","listened":true,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:28:52.999Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:05.386Z"},{"id":123,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 13 - End of the Course.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 13 - End of the Course.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/7ece3e5c-59db-4494-abb8-44ccd363bbcc","contentType":"application/pdf","size":55346,"folder":"week-13-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:32:57.001Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:08.082Z"},{"id":125,"originalName":"CAMA Strong Mayors White Paper - Final English - March 23 2023_0.pdf","displayName":"CAMA Strong Mayors White Paper - Final English - March 23 2023_0.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f9ac0724-8b81-4542-bedf-c5cb82b681e0","contentType":"application/pdf","size":629122,"folder":"week-5-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:16.547Z"},{"id":126,"originalName":"imfg_perspectives_4_hidden_in_plain_view_lucas_2013.pdf","displayName":"imfg_perspectives_4_hidden_in_plain_view_lucas_2013.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/a7ef7d96-ea9d-4c19-9b4f-81ea016e3c03","contentType":"application/pdf","size":5695496,"folder":"week-5-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:40:30.986Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:18.397Z"},{"id":127,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 6 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 6 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/16e801dd-fb6f-4e40-82d8-fe8f93926690","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1111109,"folder":"week-6-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:33:41.627Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:20.410Z"},{"id":128,"originalName":"Can Public Adm - 2023 - Eidelman - How do municipal mayors and councillors communicate with other levels of government .pdf","displayName":"Can Public Adm - 2023 - Eidelman - How do municipal mayors and councillors communicate with other levels of government .pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/17b6322c-7d64-4b36-9a1f-f97aed328120","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1051487,"folder":"week-6-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:36:07.370Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:21.604Z"},{"id":129,"originalName":"Canadian Geographer   Le g ographe canadien - 2022 - Gibson - Do more  with less  The realities of local government in.pdf","displayName":"Canadian Geographer   Le g ographe canadien - 2022 - Gibson - Do more  with less  The realities of local government in.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/46ebc201-de83-499b-bdb2-de414bb06b73","contentType":"application/pdf","size":256687,"folder":"week-6-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:38:20.135Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:21.966Z"},{"id":130,"originalName":"How to get cities out of their constitutional straitjacket.pdf","displayName":"How to get cities out of their constitutional straitjacket.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/59e254a7-1438-4a96-87a5-17ae89fb6c42","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1149679,"folder":"week-6-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:38:51.208Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:22.591Z"},{"id":131,"originalName":"What we expect from regional and city governments is increasingly out of step with their powers _ CBC News.pdf","displayName":"What we expect from regional and city governments is increasingly out of step with their powers _ CBC News.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/48c54875-ab54-4e14-bc7d-d2a7cc92e96b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1759893,"folder":"week-6-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:39:02.607Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:23.320Z"},{"id":132,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 7 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 7 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Module/CPPA122, Module 7 - Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":605654,"folder":"week-7-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":49,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"This week we will look at the increasingly important relationship that municipalities have with Indigenous governments and peoples. With their capacity to bring the national reconciliation effort home to the local level, municipalities are not only critical partners. They have the capacities to be leaders in reconciliation through an authentic and inclusive dialogue with indigenous peoples and governments. (Vizina and Wilson, 2019, 11) Nearly 5 of Canada s population identified as Aboriginal in the 2 Census. The census reported that the growth rate was higher, and that the Aboriginal population was younger, than the non-Aboriginal population one-third of the First Nations population was 14 years or younger (Statistics Canada, 2017). Source: Toronto Metropolitan University, adapted from Aboriginal peoples in Canada: Key results from the 2 Census The number of Aboriginal people living in urban areas of at least 30,000 people is growing according to the 2 Census, more than half the Aboriginal population lived in urban communities in 2016 (Statistics Canada, 2017, 9). The five cities with the largest Aboriginal population include: Winnipeg, Edmonton, Vancouver, Toronto, Calgary (Statistics Canada, 2017, 9). The population isn t evenly distributed. For example, Ontario is home to the largest number of First Nations peoples (about 24 of the total) but they represent only 1.8 of the total Ontario population (Statistics Canada, 2017, 3). changing Indigenous communities and begins to explore some of the implications for municipalities. Activity Take a minute to learn about your community at Native-Land.ca enter your address to see the First Nation territory, language, and any treaties covering your community. While First Nations, M tis, and Inuit are legally recognized as Aboriginal in the Constitution Act, 1982, this wasn t always the case. There were past legal distinctions between the three groups and for many years Indian peoples were the only peoples formally recognized in the Constitution. A Supreme Court ruling in 1929 recognized Inuit peoples as covered by the Constitution Act, 1987 (OECD, 2020, 44). M tis were legally recognized for the first time in the Constitution Act, 1982 (OECD, 2020, 44). It is important to note that there are also legal distinctions set out in the Indian Act, between registered status Indians and non-status Indians. Key Point You will notice that different terms are used to describe Indigenous people. Efforts have been made to use the terms used by a specific researcher when referencing their research or terms used in legislation. For example, you will see reference to Indian (terminology used in the past by the federal government) and to Aboriginal peoples (the term used currently by the federal government). First Nations, M tis, and Inuit are used where appropriate to refer to specific peoples. Unless designated by a source, the module will use the term Indigenous peoples analogous to the term European to refer to the descendants of all the original nations and peoples of Canada (OECD, 2020, 39). Topics and Learning Objectives Topics Understanding past and current relationships Paths for future relationships Learning Objectives By the end of this module, you should be able to: Identify and explain the significance of key legislation that has implications for First Nations governance Describe the types of First Nations governance Assess the differences between First Nations and municipal governance Identify current relationship options for municipal-Indigenous relationships Consider the implications for municipalities of urban self-government and the duty to consult Reflect on opportunities for new governance relationships at the regional and multi-government level Readings Reading Please Note: You can access all non-textbook readings through the One-Stop Course Readings located in the Table of Contents in your D2L Brightspace course. Required 1. Heritz, J. (2018, December). From self-determination to service delivery: Assessing Indigenous inclusion in municipal governance in Canada. Canadian Public Administration, 61(4). 2. Palmater, P. . Restoring the place of Indigenous Peoples in the GTHA. Institute on Supplementary Vizina, Y. and Wilson, P. (2019, June). Reconciliation with Indigenous peoples: A holistic approach. Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada. Canadian Commission for UNESCO. Colonial Settlements and Land This module is about the relationship that municipalities have with Indigenous peoples and communities. It is hard to know where to start this module because there is much history and practice that informs how we got to the place that we are at today. We will be guided by our focus on relationships between municipalities local government and Indigenous peoples. The module content will highlight past actions and current practices that are relevant to that relationship, but it does not provide a fulsome discussion of the relationship that non-Indigenous people and their institutions have with Indigenous peoples. You are strongly encouraged to continue to learn about these historical relationships to round out the condensed history that is included in this module. Historical Events Did You Know? Review this timeline of key historical events and or interactions between Indigenous and non- Indigenous peoples in Canada. Source extracted from Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Other than the remains of a Viking presence in L Anse aux Meadows in Newfoundland as early as the 8th century, John Cabot is credited as the first European to set foot on the land we now call Canada in 1497, in an area that had previously been settled by Indigenous peoples. Cabot was followed by other Europeans, primarily from England and France, and over time they established settlements or colonies. These settlements grew over time and tensions arose between the two groups of settlers the English and French. Following a loss in the Seven Years War, France gave up their claim and control of land in Canada to Britain. The King of England issued a Royal Proclamation in 1783 that is sometimes referred to as the Indigenous Magna Carta of Canada , which proclaimed the land as British. Importantly, the Proclamation also recognized the rights of Indigenous peoples and outlined a treaty process through which Indigenous land could be legally ceded to the Crown. The best places for settlements involved lands that were near waterways for transportation, were good for growing crops, and could be protected against military action. These were lands already occupied by Indigenous peoples, but over time and as settlements grew, the colonists began to dislocate the Indigenous peoples. For example, the M tis were moved away by treaty from the Red River area . Despite the vision set out by the Royal Proclamation, the rapid influx of settlers, commercial development of natural resources, the arrival of European forms of governance and political expediency soon eroded the land base and livelihood of Indigenous peoples . As we know today, there are many examples that indicate that treaties were not fairly negotiated or properly executed by the colonists. Did You Know? The Toronto Purchase, 1787 (amended in 1805), involved the transfer of land of the Mississaugas of the New Credit First Nation to the Crown. Many questions were raised over the subsequent years about the treaty, which was very unclear on the land involved and whether the chiefs had actually agreed to the treaty. More than two hundred years later, a land claim was made and in 2010 a settlement was reached between the Crown and the Mississaugas of the New Credit. The Foundations for the Relationship The Constitution Act, 1867 is critical to understanding the context for today s relationships between municipalities and Indigenous peoples. It gave the federal government jurisdiction over Indians (the term used in the Constitution) and over lands reserved for Indians (Graham and Peters, 2002, 5) and recognized the treaty system and related commitments to Indians. As we know, the Constitution also gave provinces the jurisdiction to establish local governments, which they would control. Did You Know? The Constitution Act was followed by the Indian Act, 1876, which established the rules and process for determining Indian status and the division of responsibility for Indians between the federal and provincial territorial governments. of the Indian Act assigns responsibilities, similar to those assigned by provinces to municipalities, to elected Band Councils; while Section 82(2) gives the federal minister the authority to overrule a bylaw or decision taken by a Band Council, similar to the override that provinces have of municipal decisions. Band councils were imposed on Indigenous peoples by the Government of Canada to eradicate the hereditary system of governance and create something more recognizable for the western government . Band councils included an elected chief and elected council members and had delegated authority for the designed reserve. The hereditary system, based on representation from clans and involvement of elders, represents more traditional leadership. Hereditary chiefs are seen as traditional knowledge keepers, and in some contexts are recognized as having greater authority and rights relative to things like traditional territory or cultural knowledge and tradition . Recent disputes about the Coastal GasLink pipeline have highlighted the differences between the two forms of governance one imposed and elected and the other traditional and hereditary. The Indian Act was amended in 1951 to transfer responsibility for M tis, non-status Indians, and off- reserve Indigenous peoples to the provinces, while the federal government retained responsibility for Indigenous peoples living on reserve. Know the Act . Paikin interviews Bob Joseph about the book 2 Things You May Not Know About The Indian Act: Helping Canadians Make Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples a Reality. The video provides an overview of this legislation and provides insight on how it continues to shape relationships today. Shifting Responsibility As you remember from earlier modules, urbanization was a strong force beginning in the 1950s, and Indigenous peoples were part of this trend. In 1959, 17 of registered Indians lived off reserve; by 1996 this had increased to 42 (Ontario, 2009, 602). Urbanization served to shift responsibility from the federal government to the provinces (as a result of the 1951 amendment to the Indian Act) and the result was a gap in policy while the Indian Act didn t apply, there was no, or very limited, provincial legislation or policy framework to take its place in Ontario or other provinces. The Constitution Act was patriated in 1982 and included formal recognition of Aboriginal and treaty rights. There are two sections of particular relevance to the discussion of the relationship with municipalities: Part 1 Section 25 this section guarantees certain rights and freedoms in the Constitution, regardless of Aboriginal, treaty, or other rights and any rights set out in land claims or other agreements Part 2 Section 35 this section recognizes Indian, Inuit, and M tis people as Aboriginal Peoples of Canada. It recognizes existing Aboriginal and treaty rights, including land claim agreements, and serves to entrench Aboriginal and treaty rights in the Constitution. The changes in the Constitution Act, 1982 provided an opportunity for policy and other changes through courts and policy processes, but it didn t change the status and form of Indigenous governments in Canada (Graham and Peters, 2002, 194). The Indian Act was again amended in 1985. This amendment removed previous restrictions on status so that women who married non-Indigenous persons could apply to be reinstated as status Indians by their band council. Alternatives to the Indian Act Two pieces of legislation offered alternatives to the Indian Act for First Nations governance. First Nations Land Management Act, 1 This legislation delegated some land management responsibilities from the Indian Act to band councils and removed a requirement for approval of land-related decisions by the minister responsible for First Nations. Band councils that met the requirements, including the development of a land code, would assume responsibility for the creation, administration, and enforcement of laws about the management of reserve lands. By October 2019, 7 First Nations had developed the required land code, between 10 and 15 were in the process of ratifying a code, and 55 were in the process of developing a code (OECD, 2020, 56). The shift to land management is one-way First Nations that move to the Land Management Act cannot choose to return to land management under the Indian Act. First Nations Fiscal Management Act, 2 This legislation gave First Nations jurisdiction over a number of core government functions as well as some new revenue tools. As of October 2019, 2 First Nations had opted into the framework and 125 of those had started to collect property tax (OECD, 2020, 56). While these options gave First Nations more responsibility and autonomy, they were both based on the structure of band council governance imposed through the Indian Act. Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples In 1991, Mohawk First Nations people protested the expansion of a golf course and housing development on disputed lands in Kanesatake that included a Mohawk burial ground. The 78-day dispute near the town of Oka was complex and involved many players in this and other communities. As you can tell from the video, the situation was volatile and tense. When it ended, the federal government purchased the land identified for the golf course expansion but has not transferred the land to the Mohawks of Kanesatake as reserve lands (Marshall, 2013 updated by McIntosh and Doerr, 2020). Following the Oka crisis and related protests and resistance across the country, the federal government appointed a Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples in August 1991 to look at the relationship between First Nations, Inuit, M tis peoples and the Government of Canada and Canadian society. The Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples engaged in extensive research and consultations related to governance, land and economy, social and cultural issues, and the North, and produced five reports. The final report, submitted in 1996, included discussions of governance. The commission supported self-governance and estimated that there were 60 to 8 Aboriginal Nations that could be self-governing. The Royal Commission also recommended an Aboriginal parliament to advise parliament on Aboriginal issues and three governance models for Aboriginal peoples living in urban areas. Canada responded with Gathering Strength: Canada s Aboriginal Action Plan that included a commitment to improve services to urban Aboriginal peoples. In 1998, Canada established the Urban Aboriginal Strategy to provide support and funding for the development of community organizations to address the needs of urban Aboriginal peoples in select urban municipalities, and better coordinate and integrate policies at the federal level and with federal partners. The strategy was instrumental in bringing policy actors together (Heritz, 2018, 607). Growing Urban Indigenous Populations At the same time that these formal changes were happening in the relationship between First Nations and the Government of Canada and the provinces, changes were continuing to happen within Indigenous communities. The migration to urban centres put increasing attention on governance and service issues for Aboriginal peoples living in urban areas, while pressure continued for on-reserve First Nation governance and services. Developments at the federal level between government and Indigenous peoples were complemented by efforts at the municipal level. The Centre for Municipal Aboriginal Relations (the Centre) was established in 1996 to promote municipal-Indigenous relations through research about agreements and good relationship practices. In 2001, the Centre formed a committee to focus on collaborative relationships between municipalities and First Nations that were adjacent or close to urban areas. The Federation of Canadian Municipalities partnered with the Department of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada to establish the First Nations-Municipal Community Infrastructure Partnership program. The program made resources and funding available for hard and soft infrastructure through municipal-First Nations partnerships. Truth and Reconciliation Commission The Truth and Reconciliation Commission was established to determine the truth about residential schools and lay the foundation for the important question of reconciliation . Reconciliation was defined as establishing and maintaining a mutually respectful relationship between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal peoples in this country . The relationship between Indigenous and settler peoples in Canada was one of nations encountering nations, where one gradually oppressed and marginalized the other. Indigenous peoples never agreed to the denial of their sovereignty, cultures or identities. Thus, in the Canadian context, reconciliation must refer to transformative as opposed to restorative reconciliation (Stanton, 2011 as quoted in Vizina and Wilson, 2019, 10). In 2015, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission issued 9 Calls to Action, five of which directly refer to municipalities (bolded below) and seven that refer to government or all levels of government: 3 fully implement Jordan s Principle 17 support residential school survivors and families to reclaim their original names 23 increase number of Aboriginal health care professionals, support retention of Aboriginal health professionals in Aboriginal communities, and provide cultural competency training for all health care professionals 40 establish Indigenous-specific victim programs and services 43 adopt and implement the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples as the framework for reconciliation 47 reject concepts used to justify European sovereignty over Indigenous peoples and land 57 educate municipal public servants and develop skills in intercultural competency, conflict resolution, human rights and anti-racism efforts 64 require denominational schools to provide comparative religious studies including on Indigenous spiritual beliefs and practices 75 protect residential school cemeteries 77 provide records of residential schools to the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation 87 provide public education on the history of Indigenous athletes in Canada 88 take action to support the development of Indigenous athletes Sources: 3, 17 and 23 summarized from the TRC Report; 43, 47, 57, 64, 75, 77, 87, 88 from Vizina and Wilson, 2019, 11. Did You Know? These Calls to Action have implications for the municipalities and their ongoing relationship with Indigenous peoples. The City of Winnipeg established an Indigenous Relations Division in 2013 to coordinate Indigenous-specific programs and initiatives. This division has been given responsibility for the implementation of the TRC Calls to Action. The city has developed Winnipeg s Indigenous Accord and reports annually on their progress. The video Welcoming Winnipeg provides an introduction to the accord. Other initiatives include the Mayor s Indigenous Advisory Circle; an Aboriginal Youth Strategy; an extensive research guide available through Winnipeg Public Library; and Welcoming Winnipeg, an advisory committee of community members. The Winnipeg initiative has also focused on educating and engaging youth. You are encouraged, but not required, to watch the video Educating Our Youth Truth and Reconciliation . Please note that this optional video is not closed captioned. Indigenous Self-Government Canada recognized the inherent right to Indigenous self-government in Section 35 of the Constitution Act, 1982 and established the Inherent Right Policy in 1995 to guide the self-government negotiations with Indigenous peoples . Self-government agreements are negotiated between Canada and the Indigenous community within the framework of the Constitution and consistent with federal laws. These agreements give Indigenous communities a variety of political and legal powers that are somewhat akin to what provinces and municipalities have (Alcantara and Nelles, 2014, 183). In 2019, there were 25 agreements that involved 4 Indigenous communities, two education self-governance agreements involving 3 Indigenous communities, and negotiations were underway for another 50 agreements . Self- government takes different forms it may be comprehensive or limited to specific services like education. The Modern Treaties and Self-Government Agreements map shows the territory covered by the different agreements. same time, the First Nation became a member of the Metro Vancouver Board a partnership of 21 municipalities, the Tsawwassen First Nation, and one electoral area (Metro Vancouver, 2019). Successful Struggle for Self-Governance . Agreement The earliest self-government agreements were signed in the 1990s in the Yukon. None of the 1 First Nations in the Yukon had signed treaties in the past with the Crown and none of them had reserve lands. These First Nations began negotiating with the federal government in 1973 and the final agreement was approved and ratified in 1994 (Alcantara and Nelles, 2009, 715). This agreement served as the framework agreement that was to be used to negotiate individual agreements that could be tailored with specific provisions to each of the 1 First Nations. The Kwanlin D n First Nation began to negotiate their agreement with the federal government in 1995, but progress stalled until 1999 when a new chief was elected and the negotiations resumed. Three of the outstanding issues in the negotiations had implications for the City of Whitehorse: the inclusion of waterfront lands in the City of Whitehorse as part of the settlement lands owned by the municipality , clarification of the First Nation s self-government powers in the city (that is, land use planning), property taxation exemptions (because all land transferred under a treaty would immediately become taxable and would probably bankrupt Kwanlin Despite the impact on the city of these issues Whitehorse owned the land in question, there was potential for incompatible development and property standards within the urban area, and they were at risk of losing property tax dollars the City of Whitehorse was not allowed to formally participate in the negotiations, which was conducted between the federal and territorial governments. Earlier Whitehorse councils had not been supportive of a land claims agreement, however, with the election of a new mayor and council in 2000, things began to change. In the end, the City of Whitehorse sold the prime waterfront land to the territory, so it could be included in the 2002 self-government agreement. There were various conditions that require the Kwanlin D n to use city bylaws for the lands and a service agreement was negotiated for services that the city would provide to the waterfront land. As Alcantara and Nelles observe in the case study, the ownership of the land was a deal breaker that gave the municipality a powerful veto over negotiations . But the development of the waterfront lands was a priority for the city, and the development by the Kwanlin D n and the construction of a Kwanlin D n cultural centre were not construed as bad outcomes from the city s point of view (Alcantara and Nelles, 2009, 721). The lands would be subject to municipal bylaws and standards, servicing would be provided at cost, and there were benefits from reducing the uncertainty about the implications of the waterfront land claim on the city. The result supported the economic and community goals of Whitehorse. of self-government in the Yukon. This video is not closed captioned; click here for a transcript of the video. Whitehorse has continued to develop respectful and strong relationships with two First Nations. In June Declaration of Commitment that describes collaboration, ongoing communications and respect. Regular meetings are held between the municipal council and each First Nation, and the municipality is taking steps to ensure that municipal staff are aware and informed the municipality requires municipal staff to complete a Yukon First Nations 101 course offered by the local college (Vizina and Wilson, 2019, 28). As you can see from this case study, the negotiation process takes a long time and is complicated by changing leadership, and the differing goals, structures, and approval processes of the First Nations and government negotiators. Municipalities don t have a seat at the negotiating table and may have limited The lengthy timelines add to the uncertainty for municipalities for example, Whitehorse was not able to develop the waterfront land because they knew that the land was a key issue in the negotiations with the Kwanlin D n. Municipalities may be concerned about the loss of property tax revenue for land included in agreements with First Nations, implications for servicing of the land, and the ability to move through the First Nations land to access other parts of the municipality. Bringing it Together What can we learn from this brief historical overview of the relationship between municipalities and Indigenous peoples? Pause and Reflect Take a few minutes to reflect on the material presented. You may note some similarities between our study of local government and this module s overview of Indigenous governance. What are they? Are there also important differences? What do these similarities and differences mean for our studies of local government and Indigenous relationships? There are some similarities in governance structure and responsibilities. Both municipalities and First Nations administer a specific, defined jurisdiction; both provide services, develop policies within their jurisdiction, and pass bylaws. It has been estimated that about 80 of the day-to-day concerns of municipal councils would be the same as those of First Nations councils (Tennant as referenced by McAllister, 2004, 24). Both band councils and municipalities are defined in legislation and both have limited autonomy, with the potential for a decision to be overridden by the province or federal minister. Both have limited powers of taxation and revenue tools; both are governed by an elected council and leader. : Similarities While First Nations and municipalities may be comparable, First Nations reject the characterization of their government as municipal (Alcantara and Nelles, 2009, 710). There are some key differences between municipalities and First Nations. First Nations have a constitutional relationship with the federal government and provinces, while provinces establish municipalities, which have no constitutional status. First Nations that have negotiated self-governance have a very different relationship with the federal and provincial government based on the agreement. If a First Nation has negotiated self-governance, it is able to raise funds through property and sales tax (Poholka, 2016, 29). Municipalities have the ability to apply special taxes hotel, billboards, etc. but they can t establish a sales tax. While some governance features are similar, First Nations have different governance traditions (Bish and Cassidy as referenced in McAllister, 2004, 24), which include both hereditary and elected band council governance. First Nations governance emphasizes collective rights that are held by the community rather th
Apr 06 08:15:12 raspberrypi node[7671]: an individual rights (Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing, 2009). There is more community engagement and participation, chiefs have less power than mayors, and decision-making is consensus focused rather than the majority-rule of municipal councils . In addition, elders play a key role in governance. Different Governance Processes and Traditions The Iroquois Confederacy uses Kaianerekowa, the Great Law of Peace, to guide their decision-making process. Wampum 5 emphasizes participation in the decision-making process, deliberation, diverse perspectives and respect for those perspectives, and consensus on the decision. The Kahmawa:ke First Nations, located south of Montreal, creates three groups of community members. Two of the groups discuss the issue and possibly amend the options under consideration. A third group watches the back and forth between the two groups and gives feedback at the end of the discussion. All three groups must agree on the decision, otherwise the proposal doesn t move forward in the process for a council decision. In Peace, Power, Righteousness: An Indigenous Manifesto, Gerald Taiaiake Alfred reflects Our traditions demand a higher standard of conduct in fact, a completely different conception of the leader s role than do the conventional corporate models that dominate business and policies in mainstream society. Simply put, for us it is not enough to know how to : Differences gain, hold and use power. Like my forebears, I believe that leadership consists in invoking the power of reason and that the human capacity to achieve harmony is best developed through pacification and persuasion. (as quoted by Meslin, 2019, 203). Interested in learning more? Here are two resources: The establishment of the Kaianerekowa (great law) Kayanerehkowa, the great law of peace It is also important to recognize that there are different local government relationships for Indigenous peoples living on reserve and those living off-reserve. People living off-reserve do not have a unique system of governance or representation they are part of the municipality. First Nations Governance The earlier discussion showed that Indigenous governance is both complicated and evolving; it is fair to say that the relationship that municipalities have with First Nations governments is also complicated and evolving. Before we consider the types of relationships and look at some examples, let s review the forms of First Nations governments. The Government of Canada has recognized 6 First Nations (OECD, 2019, Key Debates). These First Nations can have different governance structures under different pieces of legislation or agreement. Indian Act governance This is the form of government imposed under the Indian Act, which requires elections of a band council and chief every two years. As noted earlier, two recent pieces of legislation have provided opportunities for First Nations to assume more responsibility and autonomy. The First Nations Land Management Act delegated land management responsibilities from the Indian Act to band councils, and the First Nations Fiscal Management Act 2006 gave First Nations jurisdiction over core government functions. Self-governance The governance of Indigenous communities is changing as First Nations negotiate treaties and self-governance agreements with the federal government. Self-governance can take different forms it can be developed based on the unique characteristics of the Indigenous community or it can take a more public form. Traditional Indigenous governance combines hereditary traditional governance, including elders and or representatives from clans, with some elected positions. The structure of committees and the decision-making process will vary among First Nations. Public governance is when the governance process, including elections, is open to all residents of the community territory. Working Together Municipal First Nations Alcantara and Nelles collected and classified 332 formal municipal First Nations agreements from 1950 to 2014. These agreements varied some were short-term and transactional, while others were longer-term and relationship focused. Alcantara and Nelles identified four types of agreements (Nelles and Alcantara, 2011; Alcantara and Nelles, 2016): 1. Relationship-building agreements emphasize respect, mutual recognition, transparency, and communication. They generally include a commitment to collaborate or cooperate. 2. Decolonization agreements recognize that a municipality is using land that was historically occupied by the First Nation and acknowledge the rights and interests of the First Nation to their traditional land. They generally include an intention to develop a longer-term relationship and principles to guide the development of the relationship. 3. Capacity-building agreements focus on municipal support for the development of First Nations governance or institutional capacity. They are one-way relationships and are quite rare. 4. Jurisdictional negotiation agreements can take two forms they can relate to service provision for a fee by one party for the other, or to the more collaborative joint management of a resource, service, or structure. They include shared service agreements, contracted services, legal contracts, or land leases. The earliest formal agreements between municipalities and First Nations, beginning in the 1950s, related to joint service provision. The number of formal agreements increased significantly since the 1990s, and more than two-thirds of the agreements were recorded between 2000 and 2014 (Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 26). In particular, the number of relationship-building and jurisdictional negotiation agreements, both the service-related agreements and joint management agreements, increased since the 1990s. This signals a shift in relations between First Nations and proximate local governments towards a more cooperative, collaborative, and perhaps decolonized inter-governmental relationship based on principles of mutual respect and interest (Nelles and Alcantara, 2011, 326). In addition to the variation over time, there is variation between provinces. The number and type of agreements vary significantly by province, with British Columbia and Ontario reporting the most formal agreements in the 64-year period (Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 26). Two factors have an influence on the decision to engage in a formal municipal First Nations agreement: capacity and having the tools and resources to participate in a relationship, and willingness to use the capacity in developing a formal relationship (Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 36). It is important to note that municipal-Indigenous relationships are also developed through municipal associations. The Federation of Canadian Municipalities has created a number of resources, guides, as well as joint funding programs and other initiatives to support the development and maintenance of strong relationships. Similar initiatives are underway at the provincial level. The Union of British Columbia Municipalities held a First Nations Summit in collaboration with their Aboriginal counterparts that resulted in a protocol to share information and build relationships and to jointly administer a Community to Community Forum Program. You are encouraged to look at the FCM and your provincial municipal association to explore the range of initiatives. The previous discussion looked at the type of formal agreements between municipalities and First Nations. This section shifts the focus to the nature of the overall relationship, recognizing that there may be multiple and different types of agreements that contribute to the overall relationship between the two parties. Nations relationships. The video First Nations-Municipal Collaboration describes some of those partnerships. Alcantara and Nelles proposed that relationships could be classified, based on the level of engagement of the parties and the level of intensity of the relationship (Nelles and Alcantara, 2011; Alcantara and Nelles, 2016). Their relationship matrix identified four relationship types, which are described below. type. High Engagement Level High Intensity Strong synergy An institutionalized partnership with ongoing formal and informal contacts, such as the joint management of a facility or resource. The Village of Teslin (the Village) and Teslin Tlingit Council (the Council) are located in the Yukon. Teslin Tlingit was one of the first First Nations to negotiate self-government agreements. It includes representatives from the five clans on the Tesling Tlingit Council, and follows an : Village of Teslin and Teslin Tlingit Council Aboriginal self-governance model (Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 71). The Council and the Village signed five agreements between 2005 and 2015 based on their history of collaboration and a positive and friendly relationship between the two communities: An accord that recognized the importance of mutually beneficial relationships. It included maintenance of monthly meetings and an agreement to cooperate in the future. The agreement encouraged both partners to consider forming a regional administration and planning structure and to cooperate on quality services at cost effective prices. Construction of new sewer line through the Council lands, joint involvement in design and management of construction, with future right for the Council to connect to the pipe. The Council built a skateboard park in the Village, near an existing arena, with a financial contribution from the Village, and a commitment to shared maintenance and management of the facility. Development of an integrated community sustainability plan for the whole community (the Village and the Council) including shared vision, values, and goals. Recreation contribution agreement for the joint management of recreation programs for both communities. Low Intensity In the loop The relationship involves sharing information and connections between the partners; it may or may not lead to a more formal relationship. The Village of Haines Junction (the Village), the Champagne First Nation, and the Aishihik First Nation are located in the Yukon Territory. They have entered into four service agreements and three relationship-building agreements: Animal control service agreement signed in 1 Water and sewer services Fire protection agreement Solid waste removal and disposal Agreement to meet quarterly Agreement to meet to coordinate economic development activities : Village of Haines Junction and Champagne and Aishihik First Nations Low Engagement Level Agreement to meet annually to discuss shared issues While these three communities developed strong and engaged relationships, they haven t led to more intense joint management or joint governance process relationships. High Intensity Agreement-centred The relationship is defined through the agreement there is no relationship other than that defined in the agreement. The Regional Municipality of Les Basques and the Mal cite de Viger First Nation are located in eastern Quebec. The municipality and First Nation entered an agreement to jointly establish and manage the Inter-Nations Regional Park through a new nonprofit organization. The agreement was signed in 2014 to manage and maintain the 256 square kilometer park for public use. There had been little interaction between the municipality and the First Nation prior to the agreement. Despite this, they both had a strong interest in collaborating to create the park and the result was described as both intense and unique (Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 133). Low Intensity Business as usual These can be described as business transactions rather than ongoing relationships. They could include agreements related to provision of services for a fee. Sault Ste. Marie and the Garden River and Batchewana First Nations are in northern Ontario. The city has had three formal agreements with Garden River First Nation: Fire protection agreement that was signed in 1991 : Sault Ste. Marie, Garden River, and Batchewana Source: Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 49 as well as Chapters 3, 4, 5, and 6 Agreements, collaboration, and partnerships between First Nations and municipalities are an increasingly important form of intergovernmental relationship. The emergence of these partnerships reflects a growing recognition among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal actors across Canada that cooperation, coordination and communication at the local level are necessary for dealing with a host of practical problems that affect both communities, jointly and separately (Nelles and Alcantara, 2011, 330). Urban Reserves Municipalities also engage with First Nations with respect to urban reserves. These are pieces of land within or adjacent to municipalities that are owned by First Nations and classified with reserve status by the federal government. The land may have been part of a land claim agreement settlement with the Government of Canada, or may have been purchased with funds transferred as a result of a land claim agreement, or earned by a First Nation. The reserves can be additions to existing First Nations reserves or new reserves for a First Nation that didn t previously have designated territory. In 2013, it was estimated that there were about 120 urban reserves in Canada, mostly in Manitoba and Saskatchewan (Poholka, 2016, 6). Urban reserves are not easy to establish there is a lengthy, multi- year process for the land to be declared as a reserve by the Government of Canada that involves consultation with the municipality, the community, and province. 911 service agreement signed in 1996 10-year lease of land from Garden River to Sault Ste. Marie so that the city can build an ambulance station. The ambulance station is a city facility staffed with First Nations band members. Sault Ste. Marie has nine agreements with Batchewana First Nation: Four agreements involved the provision of fire protection (agreements signed in 1991, 1999, 2004, and 2008) Sewage treatment Provision of water services 911 service calls Shared winter maintenance of two streets adjacent to both communities Road extension related to future development in both communities Most of these agreements involve the provision of services by one partner to the other for a fee. Urban reserves provide First Nations with opportunities to generate revenues and may provide a place where they can offer services to band members living in the municipality. They provide municipalities with the opportunity to develop stronger and more meaningful relationships with First Nations and to benefit from the economic development activities on the urban reserve. However, they can also lead to tensions, and municipalities may be concerned about the loss of municipal revenues, unfair competition from businesses located on the urban reserve, as well as potential planning and bylaw issues. There is uneven understanding of urban reserves that may contribute to those perceptions research found that municipalities had a limited understanding of some of the policies and processes related to urban reserves (Poholka, 2016, 35). Did You Know? In an effort to promote better understanding of urban reserves and the value of strong relationships with First Nations, the City of Saskatoon website includes information for residents and businesses about urban reserves and treaty land entitlement. There are profiles of each First Nation, a map of land holdings or reserves in Saskatoon, answers to frequently asked questions , as well as links to details about Indigenous initiatives. Provinces have prepared guidelines about urban reserves. Manitoba advises that the details about an urban reserve must be negotiated between the First Nation and municipality before the federal government gives approval of the urban reserve. The Municipal Development and Services Agreement (about the reserve) will include tax issues, harmonization of bylaws, issues of access, process for communication and planning, and a dispute resolution processes. Toolkits and templates are available through the Federation of Canadian Municipalities . Did You Know? Muskeg Lake Cree Nation The Muskeg Lake Cree Nation was the first urban reserve in Saskatoon, established in 1988 (see the link above for an introduction to the Muskeg Lake Cree Nation). The process to designate the land as an urban reserve took four years as described in the video Muskeg Lake Cree Nation Urban Reserve: A Journey Together (). Since then, there have been additions to the reserve lands and the urban reserve now includes 48 acres in Saskatoon. The city provides some municipal services for a fee, and the agreement includes provisions related to property tax losses and land use and establishes relationship protocols. Early in the process, the band council and Saskatoon city council held annual joint meetings, and communication is ongoing. The reserve provides employment for Indigenous and non-Indigenous people and generates property tax revenues for the Muskeg Lake Cree Nation. There were no issues with the land use the First Nation wanted the development to look and feel like other developments in the urban area. Source: Poholka, 2016, 36 4 Urban Indigenous Peoples and Municipalities It was noted earlier in the module that about 50 of the Indigenous population lives off-reserve and that many of them live in cities. It was also noted that off-reserve Indigenous people are considered to be the responsibility of provinces, not the federal government, and that the Indian Act and other federal legislation does not apply. Urban Indigenous people have not historically received a lot of municipal attention, although that appears to be changing. Municipalities that have high proportions of Indigenous people (Peters as referenced in Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 8) and municipalities that have strong and proactive Indigenous organizations (Abele as referenced in Alcantara and Nelles, 2016, 8) have paid more attention to this population group. Even in cities with high numbers of Indigenous peoples, there is very limited Indigenous representation among elected members of municipal councils and often there is no formal way for direct input into Municipal policy processes may not include an Indigenous lens or perspective. Many municipalities have been taking steps to engage with the Indigenous urban communities and to develop processes and practices to ensure their voices are heard in the decision-making process. Unless noted, the examples are summarized from Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach : Calgary receives advice from the Aboriginal Urban Affairs Committee and works in partnership with seven First Nations. The city has formally responded to the TRC and has developed an Indigenous Policy Framework to guide its policy and operations. Lethbridge has established an Indigenous Sharing Network and created a Reconciliation Implementation Plan 2017 2027 in partnership with two First Nations. Vancouver has designated the city as a City of Reconciliation and has adopted a Framework for the City of Reconciliation. The municipality has responded to the TRC and has identified 41 city initiatives for action. Watch Indigenous Names for Public Plazas , announcing a new name for the plaza beside the Vancouver Art Gallery. Montreal created the office of the Commissioner of Indigenous Affairs and hosted the First Nations and Municipalities Summit on Reconciliation, which engaged Quebec mayors and First Nations chiefs in important discussions about actions that need to be taken to advance reconciliation. Toronto established the Indigenous Affairs Office in 2017 and has an Aboriginal Affairs Advisory Committee. Saskatoon initiated a city-wide conversation about reconciliation called Reconciliation Saskatoon in partnership with the Office of the Treaty Commissioner, Saskatoon Tribal Council, Central Urban The Official Community Plan of the City of Victoria, B.C., states We raise our hands to the Songhees and Esquimalt Nations in whose traditional territories we live and work. Hay sxw qa (Thank you) (Victoria, 2012, 1). The mayor of Sept-Iles, Quebec invited the chief, Elder, and community members from Innu Takuaikan Uashat mak Mani-Utenam to the swearing-in ceremony for the new council. The municipality has had two joint council meetings with the First Nation and has established working committees on reconciliation and infrastructure. The County of Antigonish, Nova Scotia, has been working with the Paqtnkek Mi kmaw Nation and the Eastern-Straight Regional Enterprise Network since 2016 on initiatives that benefit both communities, including renewable energy projects, green energy workshops, economic forums, as well as shared services. In August 2020, seven Ontario municipalities signed a Declaration of Mutual Commitment and Friendship with six Indigenous Friendship Centres following a foundational agreement between the Association of Municipalities of Ontario and the Ontario Federation of Indigenous Friendship Centres. The declarations will help build relationships, open communications, and foster collaboration to improve services and supports for Indigenous people in the municipalities. Many municipalities have education and awareness programs for city staff about reconciliation, as well as programs that recruit, train, and support Indigenous people to work for the municipality. Toronto and Vancouver have made efforts to increase the representation of Indigenous people on municipal agencies, boards, and commissions. Many municipalities have established Indigenous advisory committees. Toronto s Aboriginal Affairs Committee was established in 1999 and includes community members and representatives from Indigenous community organizations. Winnipeg s committee is more recent while Vancouver s committee includes only community members. In addition, many large municipalities have staff specifically assigned to Indigenous relations offices you read about the Winnipeg Indigenous Relations Division earlier in the module. The goals of both the advisory committees and the Indigenous staff groups is to connect, liaise, consult, and engage with the community. Advocates argue that while this is a good start, it isn t enough. nonprofit organizations to represent the Indigenous community, rather than engaging the community directly in governance, and they don t address the underlying questions of Indigenous urban self- governance. While these nascent entities provide a bridge to Indigenous Peoples to access municipal government, they fall short of providing them with governance models recommended in various consultations with Indigenous Peoples over the past twenty years (Heritz, 2018, 596). Potential for Urban Indigenous Self-Governance While there have been many successful land-claims and self-governance treaties negotiated, there have been no formal agreements that recognize the urban Aboriginal right to self-government in an urban centre (McCaskill ., 2011, 332). A 2011 survey of Toronto Indigenous community members and key informants reported that a significant majority (62 ) support the idea of urban Indigenous self-government (McCaskill, FitzMaurice, Cidro, 2011, 334). What is urban Indigenous self-governance? The survey respondents and informants suggested it could include an elected council that provided strong leadership and vision and had access to and control of resources to support that vision. Models of Urban Aboriginal Governance In 1996, the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples proposed three models for urban Aboriginal governance (Volume 4, Chapter 7). Reform of urban government and public authorities model This model calls for greater Aboriginal representation on municipal councils and other decision-making bodies as well as the co-management of programs and services focused on the Aboriginal community. (Royal Commission, 1996, 439 440) Community of interest model Aboriginal organizations and service providers would form an integrated Aboriginal public service and would then establish a governing body to represent the Aboriginal community. (Royal Commission, 1996, 441 443) Nation-based model This approach maintains ties with urban Aboriginal peoples nations of origin. For example, the First Nation may extend its jurisdiction to include members living in other communities or establish service agencies to provide services to them in the urban centre. It could establish processes or structures for urban Aboriginal peoples to contribute to the governance of the First Nation. (Royal Commission, 1996, 444 446) Efforts were made to develop a self-governance process based on the community of interest model in Toronto in 2001. The Aboriginal Council of Toronto was formed with the goal of developing an elected and representative Indigenous governing body in Toronto. It was proposed that the council would have 18 members, either elected or appointed by their respective communities, and every Indigenous person living in the Greater Toronto Area would be considered a citizen and would have a voice. The council was successful in developing a vision and strategic priorities but didn t achieve the goal of establishing Indigenous self-governance in Toronto. Subsequent consultations and reports identified the need for a stronger Indigenous voice in Toronto. A 2004 report, All Voices Heard, identified the need for a hub for community representation that would be integrated with an Indigenous public service (McCaskill ., 2011, 333). Urban self-government continues to be raised at the municipal level. The 2 Statement of Commitment to Aboriginal Communities in Toronto includes a commitment to supporting the Aboriginal right to self-determination by working inclusively with Aboriginal communities in Toronto (McCaskill ., 2011, 333). Pam Palmater argues that more needs to be done. In particular, the municipality needs to develop hubs that could be used to support Indigenous people, businesses, groups, and organizations and share the wealth that has been created on Indigenous territories. Indigenous governance should be understood not only in terms of self-governance, but also power within current governance structures. Seats on each city council should be designated for local Indigenous governments and urban Indigenous representatives . Interestingly, the Toronto District School Board has put a model in place that includes two designated student trustee positions and one Indigenous student trustee on the board of trustees . Pause and Reflect What could Indigenous self-government look like in a Canadian city? Which of the three models proposed by the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples would best serve Aboriginal peoples living in Toronto? What are the implications of your preferred model on the municipality? Interested in learning more about the Toronto initiative? See Chapter 15 Urban Aboriginal Governance in Toronto Aboriginal research project, final report PDF . Uncertainty Related to the Duty to Consult Both the federal and provincial governments have a duty to consult and duty to accommodate, arising from the Constitution Act, 1982, when a decision may have an adverse impact on Aboriginal or treaty rights. The duty to consult implies the give and take of bargaining and the related duty to accommodate implies accommodating the rights and interests of Indigenous peoples. But municipalities are not recognized as a level of government in the Constitution and expectations of municipalities regarding these duties is unclear. A challenge for municipal and Indigenous governments is uncertainty about the municipal role in the Crown s constitutional Duty to Consult. The Duty to Consult is different than regular provincial or statutory municipal consultation. Instead, it is a specific legal Duty owed by the Crown to rights-bearing Indigenous communities . The province of Ontario s interpretation of the duty is that municipalities are independent decision makers and that they have a duty to consult (Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing, 2009, 1; AMO, 2019, 4). The Ontario Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing advised that municipalities have a duty to consult in some circumstances, such as land use planning, infrastructure planning, and changes to municipal boundaries and policies related to cultural protection and development, but the ministry doesn t explicitly define the circumstances or require the consultation (Ontario, 2009, 1). The Association of Municipalities disagrees with this interpretation. Provincial courts and decision- makers in other provinces have clearly ruled against a municipal Duty to Consult. They have argued that it is unreasonable to expect municipal governments as non-Crown corporate entities with limited authority, capacity and resources to fulfill the constitutional Duty in the same manner as a Crown . The question remains outstanding about application to municipalities. The Supreme Court ruled that third parties cannot be held liable for failing to discharge the Crown s duty to consult and accommodate . But it is balanced by another Supreme Court ruling (Clyde River), which suggests that municipalities may be considered regulatory agencies through which the Crown (or province) acts and has the authority to do what the duty requires in particular circumstances . The duty to consult may bring an additional challenge for urban municipalities and First Nations. Duty- related consultations can occur more easily between the First Nations, like the Mississaugas of the Credit, that are connected to the municipality by treaty but may be more difficult with the dispersed, and not formally organized, urban Aboriginal peoples living in the municipality. Moving Toward Multi-level Governance? Module 6 talked about intergovernmental relationships between municipalities and the federal and provincial territorial governments. This module has referenced some of the key elements in the evolving relationship between the federal and provincial territorial governments and First Nations as well as the shifts in the relationships between municipalities and First Nations. These new relationships offer potential for greater regional cooperation around shared goals and interests, consistent with earlier discussions of new regionalism. The increase of relationship and decolonization agreements over time, therefore, may be indicative of a sea change in the way in which First Nations and municipal governments communities relate to one another and may also represent the emergence of new coalitions in the area of regional governance (Nelles and Alcantara, 2011, 329). In addition, the relationships highlight the importance of multi-level governance and the recognition of municipalities as an important governance partner. Alcantara and Nelles suggest that multi-level governance may be a better way to understand relationships than either federalism or intergovernmental relations. The evolving set of relationships has led the Federation of Canadian Municipalities to comment that l ocal governments know that tomorrow s Canada must unfold at a four-cornered table with federal and provincial territorial governments, alongside municipalities and Indigenous communities as equal partners . Having a seat at the table would get around the challenges of not being directly involved in land claims involving municipal land, and it would promote greater understanding and foster enhanced municipal First Nations relationships. However, as noted earlier in the module, unlike Aboriginal peoples, municipalities are not recognized in the Constitution and, to this point, haven t been invited to take a seat at the table. The Indigenous population is not only growing at a higher rate than the non-Indigenous population of Canada, it is also much younger than the non-Indigenous population and is increasingly urban. Municipalities need to be proactive in developing trust-based, respectful relationships with these original inhabitants of municipal land, neighbours, and community members. The increasing connections between local governments and Indigenous people may be formal or informal, and short- or long-term. Agreements may focus on service delivery, land, or fundamentals and values for the development of a relationship. As the module has discussed, there are both challenges and opportunities for municipalities in relationships with Indigenous communities. Regardless of the balance of challenges and opportunities, municipalities can t ignore the need for positive working relationships and partnerships. Three key pieces of legislation affect First Nations governance: the Constitution Act, 1867; Indian Act, 1876; and the Constitution Act, 1982. The Truth and Reconciliation Commission made recommendations targeted at municipalities and municipalities as part of governments. The Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples made recommendations about Aboriginal governance, including self-governance and governance models for urban Aboriginal people. First Nations governments and municipalities share some commonalities and differences that have implications for current and future relationships. Municipalities may be affected by the negotiation of formal land claims and self-governance agreements between a First Nation and the federal government, but they don t have a formal voice at the table or an opportunity to have input on the process. Municipal relationships with Indigenous communities are an increasingly important element in Relationships take place through: Urban reserves Other accords, protocols, and policy and program initiatives within the municipal boundaries Models of urban Indigenous self-government have been recommended since the 1990s as a path to enable political representation and access to and control over resources. The evolving relationship includes some legal uncertainties. The example of duty to consult and duty to accommodate illustrated differing opinions about the applicability to municipalities, and there are questions about how it would take place in urban municipalities. The module expanded the discussion of new regionalism and multi-level governance to include Indigenous governments. Next week we will turn our attention to municipal finance and look at budgets, revenues and expenditures, and issues of accountability. Week 7 Discussion Take 10 minutes to explore your municipal website and learn about the relationship(s) the municipality has with the Indigenous community. There may be a statement about reconciliation; policies related to services, human resources, or purchasing, etc.; representation through an advisory committee; staff assigned to Indigenous issues; and or funding for Indigenous organizations. Perhaps your municipality has a formal agreement with a First Nation or has an urban reserve within the municipal boundaries or adjacent to the municipality. Briefly share your findings with the class on the discussion board. Reflect on the module content and what you learned from your website review. How would you describe the municipal-Indigenous relationship in your municipality? Were you surprised by what you found? Please see the Week 7 discussion topic in your D2L course for further instructions. Note: You can access the Discussion Forums and Topics from the Communications menu in your D2L course. Please make sure that your participation in all discussion forums adheres to the Toronto Metropolitan University online etiquette guidelines listed in the Course Outline. Assignment There is no assignment due this week. Alcantara, C. and Nelles, J. (2009, September). Claiming the city: Co-operation and making the deal in urban comprehensive land claims negotiations in Canada. Canadian Journal of Political Science, 42(3). Alcantara, C. and Nelles, J. (2014, Winter). Indigenous peoples and the state in settler societies: Toward a more robust definition of multilevel governance. Publius, 44(1). Alcantara, C. and Nelles, J. . A quiet evolution: The emergence of Indigenous-local intergovernmental partnerships in Canada. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. Apolonio, J. (2008, August). Local government - First nation partnerships. Forging strong relationships among municipal, regional and First nation governments in British Columbia PDF . Union of British Columbia Municipalities. (2019, April 10). Municipal governments and the Crown s Duty to Consult . Towards a process that works for local communities PDF . aspx Canada. (2010, September 15). The Government of Canada s Approach to Implementation of the Inherent Right and the Negotiation of Aboriginal Self-Government. gc.ca eng 1100100031843 1539869205136 inhrsg Canada. (2017, October 25). Aboriginal peoples in Canada: Key results from the 2 Census. (2019, August 27). Self-government. gc.ca eng 1100100032275 1529354547314 chp Central Mortgage and Housing Corporation. . Aboriginal demography. Population, household and family projections, 2001-2026 PDF . Indian and Northern Affairs Canada and Central Mortgage and Housing Corporation. pdf Federation of Canadian Municipalities . (2015, September). Stronger together: A toolkit for First Nations-Municipal community economic development partnerships. Federation of Canadian Municipalities and Cando. . Indigenous partnerships. (2016, March). Municipal-Aboriginal advisory committees in four Canadian cities: 1999 2014. Canadian Public Administration, 59(1). Heritz, J. (2018, December). From self-determination to service delivery: Assessing Indigenous inclusion in municipal governance in Canada. Canadian Public Administration, 61(4). (2019, May 16). The establishment of the Kaianerekowa (great law). html Kayanerehkowa, the great law of peace. The organization of the confederacy. Updated by McIntosh, A. and Doerr, A.D. . Oka Crisis. The Canadian Encyclopedia. (2019, February 4). The complicated history of hereditary chiefs and elected councils. First Nations Drum. , FitzMaurice, K., and Cidro, J. . Toronto Aboriginal research project, final report PDF . Toronto Aboriginal Support Services Council . pdf Meslin, D. . Teardown: Rebuilding democracy from the ground up. Canada: Penguin Random House. Metro Vancouver. . Member Municipalities. (2017, May 28). The Toronto Purchase Treaty . and Alcantara, C. (2011, September). Strengthening the ties that bind? An analysis of aboriginal- municipal inter-governmental agreements in British Columbia. Canadian Public Administration, 54(3). Ontario. . Municipal Aboriginal relationships: Case studies. Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing. . Linking Indigenous communities with regional development in Canada. OECD Rural Policy Reviews, Paris: OECD Publishing. . Restoring the Place of Indigenous Peoples in the GTHA. Finance and Governance. (2016, September). First Nation successes: Developing urban reserves in Canada. Submitted to School of Urban and Regional Planning, Queen s University. pdf?sequence 1andisAllowed y Royal Commission on Aboriginal People. . Report of the Royal Commission on Aboriginal People. Volume 4: Perspectives and realities PDF . pdf Taccone, A. (2020, August 19). Ontario municipalities and Indigenous communities sign declaration of friendship. CTV News London. 5070 Toronto District School Board . Leadership, Trustees. . Honouring the truth, reconciling for the future. of the Final Report of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada PDF . . Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada: Calls to action PDF . (2012, July). Official Community Plan PDF . pdf Vizina, Y. and Wilson, P. (2019, June). Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A holistic approach. Toolkit for inclusive municipalities in Canada and beyond. Canadian Commission for UNESCO. . An overview of best practices for the establishment of and development within Aboriginal economic development zones PDF . City of Winnipeg, Planning, Property and Development Division. Retrieved from DocID 17219andSectionId 506102andisMobile yes","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-06T12:08:15.747Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:24.903Z"},{"id":133,"originalName":"Bold Election Ideas for the Toronto Region – IMFG.pdf","displayName":"Bold Election Ideas for the Toronto Region – IMFG.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Reading/Bold Election Ideas for the Toronto Region – IMFG.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":242843,"folder":"week-7-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":6,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Bold Election Ideas for the Toronto Region ( Privacy - Terms Restoring the Place of Indigenous Peoples in the GTHA by Pamela Palmater The Greater Toronto and Hamilton Area is known for its diversity and remains the top choice for new immigrants to Canada. Nearly half its population was born outside Canada. In downtown Toronto, one can venture to Chinatown, Little Italy, Little India, or Greektown to enjoy foods from around the world or sample arts and crafts during annual festivals. What is missing, however, is a vibrant Indigenous presence in the GTHA. Most Torontonians are surprised to learn that as many as 73,0 Indigenous people call the GTHA home. The Truth and Reconciliation Commission s 9 Calls to Action reminded every Canadian that truth, justice, and reconciliation with Indigenous peoples is not just the responsibility of the federal and provincial governments, it is also a commitment required of municipalities, universities, businesses, the media, and individual Canadians. The real goal of reconciliation is not met by a one-time political apology, the renaming of National Aboriginal Day to National Indigenous Peoples Day, or land acknowledgements before city council speeches and events. Reconciliation requires that municipalities fully engage in the difficult process of getting to the truth not just of the horrors of residential schools, but of genocide, land dispossession, stolen resources, economic blockades, and ongoing racism and violence towards Indigenous peoples. These injustices have resulted in crisis-level urban homelessness among Indigenous city dwellers; the over-incarceration of Indigenous peoples; the over-representation of Indigenous children in foster care in numbers higher than those of the former residential school population; high rates of police- involved deaths of Indigenous peoples in cities; and murdered, missing, and trafficked Indigenous women and girls. The GTHA has considerable work to do to start making amends, not only for its colonial legacy, but for the ongoing injustices lived by urban Indigenous peoples in the region today. In my vision of GTHA, we should be able to walk, bike, or take a bus to places in the region that showcase Indigenous arts, culture, food, entertainment, education, recreation, government, politics, and business. We should also be able to see Indigenous peoples and Nations represented throughout the entire GTHA, since no matter where you live, work, or play in the GTHA, you are so on Indigenous territories. For National Indigenous Peoples Day, the City of Toronto erected a medicine wheel in a prominent location beside the Toronto sign at Nathan Phillips Square. This sign remained until the conclusion of Canada Day that is, for less than two weeks. This important contribution reminded residents, new immigrants, and tourists about their roles in reconciliation. However, why was the medicine wheel displayed for only 10 days? Indigenous peoples should be able to see themselves reflected in significant places in the GTHA every day of the year. Good intentions are no longer enough. We need to move beyond the celebratory, which often historicizes Indigenous peoples, and towards substantive reconciliation. Real reconciliation will be uncomfortable and difficult at times. A real apology means accepting responsibility for what has happened, promising never to let it happen again, and making amends. The GTHA s contribution to and increased support for social programs to address issues related to homelessness, racism in policing, inequitable access to health services, and violence against Indigenous women and girls is part of the answer, but not all of it. The same can be said of support for Indigenous cultural and service-based organizations. The region must do more than merely address the symptoms of injustice, it must work towards ending injustice. Making amends for past injustices many of which cannot be undone requires a fair transfer of land, wealth, and power back to Indigenous peoples. What would this look like in the GTHA? For starters, city councils (and businesses) should identify land and buildings that could be used to support Indigenous individuals, businesses, community groups, social and advocacy organizations, and governments in carrying out their work. These Indigenous hubs should not be tucked away in remote parts of the region, but include prominent locations. In terms of wealth, the region needs an Indigenous procurement strategy to ensure that a percentage of contracts and services in the region are designated for Indigenous businesses and communities. How would the region pay for all of this? Reconciliation should now be viewed as the cost of business a cost shared by residents, business owners, and governments alike. While there is little chance of Indigenous peoples ever getting adequate compensation for the lands, resources, and wealth lost in the GTHA, Indigenous governments need a fair share of the wealth to reach self-determination a key goal of reconciliation. A formula designed in partnership with local Indigenous governments would ensure that Indigenous peoples share in the wealth created on their territories including fees, fines, licenses, taxes, and royalties. Indigenous governance should be understood not only in terms of self-governance, but also power within current governance structures. Seats on each city council should be designated for local Indigenous governments and urban Indigenous representatives. This is not about sharing power by adding token or advisory-type seats; it is about transferring power and making space within current councils for Indigenous representatives. Indigenous peoples could help govern the region and ensure that proper communication protocols are designed, dispute resolution mechanisms created, and Indigenous-municipal collaborations enhanced for everyone s mutual benefit. This plan would require regional financial support from businesses and municipalities to facilitate Indigenous community and urban participation on planning, policing, legal, business, financial, economic development, arts and culture, and social services committees in each municipality in the region. The plan requires significant changes in the way we govern, do business, and plan for the future. Every single person in the GTHA benefits from the historic and ongoing dispossession of land, wealth, and power of Indigenous peoples whether they have lived here for three generations or arrived only yesterday. Everyone should contribute to making amends to Indigenous peoples. Yes, it will be hard. Those who have most benefited from our lands and resources will find the changes painful. However, nothing less will achieve true reconciliation and social justice within the GTHA. We could be the best region in Canada in terms of education, living standards, economic development, environmental sustainability, and social justice for all if we take up the TRC s Calls to Action and do our part towards achieving truth, justice, and reconciliation with Indigenous peoples. RETURN TO LIST (HTTPS: IMFG.ORG RESEARCH BOLD-IDEAS ) Dr. Pamela Palmater is a Mi kmaw citizen and member of Eel River Bar First Nation from New Brunswick. She is a lawyer, author, and social justice activist, and Chair in Indigenous Governance at Ryerson University. Join Our Mailing List indicates required First Name Last Name Email Organization","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-06T12:08:32.575Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:25.806Z"},{"id":134,"originalName":"Can Public Adm - 2018 - Heritz - From self‐determination to service delivery  Assessing Indigenous inclusion in municipal.pdf","displayName":"Can Public Adm - 2018 - Heritz - From self‐determination to service delivery  Assessing Indigenous inclusion in municipal.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Reading/Can Public Adm - 2018 - Heritz - From self‐determination to service delivery  Assessing Indigenous inclusion in municipal.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":141091,"folder":"week-7-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":44,"checkedChun
Apr 06 08:15:12 raspberrypi node[7671]: ks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"From self-determination to service delivery: Assessing Indigenous inclusion in Abstract: Over half of Canada s Indigenous identity population reside in urban centres. Despite their growing numbers, Indigenous Peoples remain under represented in municipal government. While it has been argued that all levels of government have responsibility for urban Indigenous Peoples, neither the federal government nor the provinces have provided direction regarding their representation in urban centres. The local response to urban Indigenous input has emerged over the past ten years in the form of Aboriginal advisory boards in some municipalities. While these nascent entities provide a bridge to Indigenous Peoples to access municipal govern- ment, they fall short of providing them with governance models recom- mended in various consultations with Indigenous Peoples over the past twenty years. This article argues that over time models of representation are being overshadowed by policies of service delivery for urban Indigenous Peoples in Canada. municipaux. Au cours des dix urbains est apparue sous la forme de conseils consultatifs autochtones ayant eu cours depuis vingt ans. Joanne Heritz CANADIAN PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION ADMINISTRATION PUBLIQUE DU CANADA 596 615 The Institute of Public Administration of Canada L Institut d administration publique du Canada 2 Joanne Heritz is Instructor, Department of Political Science, Brock University, St. Catharines, Ontario. The author would like to thank the Journal s reviewers for their helpful comments. URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 5 Urban Indigenous Peoples is the term generally used to describe all Aboriginal peoples (status and non-status Indian, M tis and Inuit) who live in urban centres in Canada. Over 1.4 million individuals, or 4.3 per cent of Canada's population, identify as Indigenous, over half of which live in urban centres. The Indigenous population is growing faster compared to the non-Indigenous population. Between 2006 and 2011 the Indigenous population grew by twenty per cent compared to six per cent for the non- Indigenous population . The Indigenous population is also younger. More than twenty-eight per cent of the Indigenous population is under fourteen years compared with thirteen per cent of the non-Indige- nous population (The Environics Institute 2010). Despite their growing numbers in urban centres, Indigenous Peoples remain under represented in While it has been argued that all levels of government have responsibility for urban Indigenous Peoples, neither the federal government nor the prov- inces have provided direction regarding their representation in urban cen- tres . The local response to urban Indigenous input has emerged over the past ten years in the form of Aboriginal advisory boards in some municipalities. Known as Aboriginal Relations Offices or Aboriginal Advisory Committees, these bodies serve a consultative role, act as a liai- son to their communities and facilitate Indigenous awareness programs with local government . While these nascent entities provide a bridge to Indigenous Peoples to access municipal government, they fall short of providing them with governance models recommended in various consultations with Indigenous Peoples over the past twenty years. This arti- cle argues that over time models of representation are being overshadowed by policies of service delivery for urban Indigenous Peoples in Canada. The article commences with conceptualizations of representation and urban Indigenous Peoples in Canada, followed by a timeline of policies that pro- vide context for representation of Indigenous Peoples in local government. First, it traces policy decisions that impacted on Indigenous representation generally, then urban Indigenous representation specifically. Next it demon- strates how policy decisions over the past twenty years have shifted from models of urban representation to those of service delivery, followed by a discussion of the dual role of the voluntary sector as policy actors and repre- sentatives for urban Indigenous Peoples. The analysis that follows assesses potential challenges to current models of urban Indigenous representation considering recent court decisions, followed by the conclusion. Urban Indigenous representation Urban Indigenous representation, for this study, encompasses a definition of urban Aboriginal, personal and cultural continuity, self-determination, 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 598 and refers to the articulation of group interests within identifiable policy networks by members, many of whom are affiliated with Indigenous volun- tary organizations. This conceptualization highlights the tension between accommodating Indigenous autonomy in decision-making processes and how these policies prioritize service delivery over time. Andersen provides a definition of urban Aboriginal - as a distinctive and equally legitimate form of Aboriginal identity that consists of twelve elements. There is no particular order of the elements that shape the distinctiveness of the urban Aboriginal experience. Economic elements include: economic marginalization; and a growing professional middle class. Aboriginal identity elements include: cultural diversity; legal diver- sity; status blindness; urban Aboriginal institutions; and distinctiveness of urban Aboriginal policy ethos. Social elements include: the character of informal networks; attachment to non-urban communities; struggles over the political representation of urban Aboriginals; racism social exclusion; and place(s) of Aboriginal women in urban Aboriginal social relations ( 63). While community characteristics are unique to each urban centre, Andersen identifies commonalities that comprehensively conceptualizes the urban Indigenous experience across Canada. Indigenous representation addresses how this politically under-repre- sented group address their individual and community needs and interests in policy processes. This notion is based on the premise that choice in terms of adhering to traditional or to mainstream lifeways, to varying de- grees is crucial to build the case that a secure sense of personal and cul- tural continuity are necessary conditions for personal or cultural identity (Chandler and Lalonde 2009: 223). Due to their political under representation, when Indigenous Peoples are included in policy processes, they are usually represented by executives of Indigenous voluntary organizations Self-determination is operationalized to assess the gains Indigenous Peoples have achieved to identify their problems and make choices in regard to their goals in policy processes. This approach counters Canadian federalism and its view that federal and provincial governments have been assigned responsibilities for Indigenous Peoples. Indigenous communities, in turn, see the Indigenous-Crown relationship differently: Rather than viewing themselves as stakeholders or junior gov- ernments, they argue that Aboriginal communities should be treated as full and equal partners in the federation, operating on a nation-to-nation basis with the Crown (Alcantara and Spicer 2016: 184). By defining and deter- mining their communities, urban Indigenous Peoples will move closer to 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 599 self-determination. For example, the Toronto Aboriginal Research Project commissioned by the Toronto Aboriginal Support Services Council has developed a community of interest model of self-government that is representative of Indigenous social service agencies, their Boards of Directors and their membership (McCaskill, FitzMaurice, and Cidro 2011: 38). In its recommendations for urban Indigenous governance TARP ac- knowledges that their model must extend beyond the social service sector to the broader Indigenous community of Toronto.1 Indigenous Peoples are politically under-represented in municipal gov- ernment. The residential schools, the educational system, the police and legal systems, and child and family services stand out as institutions that played a central role in constructing them as the other (Silver 2006: 36). High poverty rates, low levels of educational attainment, inadequate prepa- ration for the job market and poor health contribute to the risk of social This demonstrates how colonization impacted on the collective ability of Indigenous Peoples to advocate not only for their traditional ways, but also to transcend col- onization by becoming self-determining. Despite the significant urban Indigenous population, only a few have been elected as city councillors in large prairie cities, and as of 2012 cities like Saskatoon had not elected a First Nation member to city council (Walker and Belanger 2013: 208). Within the administration of local government, planning scarcely engages in rela- tional processes with Aboriginal peoples (Walker and Belanger 2013: 196). Due to their political under representation, when Indigenous Peoples are included in policy processes, they are usually represented by executives of Indigenous voluntary organizations. Historical background Tracing the relationship between government and Indigenous Peoples for contextual purposes, reaches back to the nineteenth century. The Constitution Act 1867 that created Canada gave the federal government jurisdiction over Indians and the Lands reserved for the Indians, which was interpreted to authorize Parliament to pass laws that directly related to Indigenous Peoples. The provinces were given jurisdiction over public lands, health, welfare, education and municipal institutions (Graham and Peters 2002: 5). The fact that provincial constitutional responsibilities did not include Indians, but did include municipal responsibilities, would have future implications for federal provincial jurisdictional disputes regarding Indigenous Peoples as they increasingly transitioned to cities starting in the twentieth century. Canadian cities developed in locations used by Indigenous Peoples as gathering places. Over time, they were systematically dislocated from urban 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 600 centres, moved to reserves located considerable distances from urban cen- tres and original habitations. In Ontario, for example, the Mississauga ter- ritory along the north shore of Lake Ontario was acquired by the British through land surrenders that included the 1 Toronto Purchase. Colonial policy made the Mississaugas dependent on the Crown, disrupted their po- litical relations with neighbouring Six Nations and destroyed their hunting and fishing through settler poaching, sawmill development and colonial agriculture (Freeman 2010: 24). And in Manitoba, for example, settlement by Europeans proved contentious to the M tis, the initial inhabitants of Red River (present day Winnipeg). tlements due to expropriation to accommodate spreading urban boundaries (Newhouse and Peters 2003: 6). The Indian Act was passed in 1876 as part of the federal constitutional responsibility for Indians and Indian lands based on policies that be- lieved they could not manage their own affairs. Indians were sequestered on reserves, located far away from urban centres (Peters 2001: 58). The as- pects of the act that would eventually impact on migration to urban centres was state control over their status both as citizens and as Indians. Indians for the most part were not considered citizens and the Indian Act provided means by which they could become citizens. For instance, when an Indian obtained a university education, their status was relinquished (Warry 2007: 34). Marriage to non-Indians also impacted on status. When an Indian woman married a non-status man, she lost her Indian status as would her children. However, an Indian man did not lose status if he married a non-status woman and his wife and their children acquired Indian status . The impact of status is addressed in the discussion of Bill C-31 and Bill C-3, below. The Constitution Act 1867 and the Indian Act 1876 were instrumental in establishing the status of and division of, responsibilities for Indigenous Peoples. 2 Although the Constitution Act 1867 delegated responsibility for Indians to the federal government, over time they relinquished their responsibility: first to the M tis; second to non-Status Indians as set out in the Indian Act; and third to Indigenous Peoples residing off reserve. The fed- eral government allocated primary service delivery responsibilities to the provinces through an amendment to the Indian Act in 1951 (Morse 1989: 70). In so, the federal government acknowledged that its obligations for Indians were limited to reserves. Therefore, responsibilities for Indigenous Peoples off-reserve remained with the provinces, with exceptions only for post-secondary education and those with physical or mental handicaps requiring specialized assistance (Morse 1989: 71). Federal responsibility, with few exceptions, did not extend to Indigenous Peoples living in urban centres. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 6 The city as home Over time more Indigenous Peoples consider the city their home with as many as 70 per cent indicating they never moved back to their home com- munity after moving to the city (The Environics Institute 2010: 34). In the case of Toronto, Indigenous Peoples came to Toronto from reserves to further their education and find work starting in the 1920s (Howard 2011: 91). By the 1960s, when they moved from reserves to larger cities like Toronto, Hamilton, or Thunder Bay, they discovered that they qualified for few jobs because of their limited education and little or no vocational skills. Racial discrimination was another aspect of the urban migration. Although the Ontario government enacted anti-discrimination legislation Indigenous Peoples experienced: refusal of accommodation and restaurant services; eviction from rental housing without due process; reluctance to hire Indians; and most frustrating of all, bureaucratic delays and lack of interest on the part of both provincial and federal governments (McCue 1994: 387). Their increased migration to urban centres gave rise to social and political responses. Over time more Indigenous Peoples consider the city their home with as many as 70 per cent indicating they never moved back to their home community after mov- ing to the city Friendship centres were established to assist Indigenous Peoples with their urban transition by meeting the cultural, social and recreational needs (Manitowabi 2011: 111) and serving as the focal point of Indigenous com- munity building . They were also instrumental in providing some of their members with opportunities to acquire the knowledge and skills required to become program and service delivery administrators . When the Canadian Indian Centre of Toronto (renamed Native Canadian Centre of Toronto ) was formed in 1962, it became the third friendship centre in Canada after Winnipeg in 1958 and Vancouver in 1963 (formerly the Vancouver Indian Centre Society, which originated in 1954). Toronto's centre was originally funded by the federal Department of Citizenship, City of Toronto, churches and organizations such as the Order of the Daughters of the Empire. Friendship Centre ser- vices originally included hospital visitation, court services, alcohol abuse counselling, housing assistance, Ojibway language classes, youth sports and recreation programs and assisting newcomers orient themselves to Toronto (Obonsawin and Howard-Bobiwash 1997: 31 35). In 1972 the imple- mentation of the federal government's Migrating Native Peoples Program formally recognized Friendship Centres and the National 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 6 Association of Friendship Centres was established as a unifying link for the Friendship Centre Movement and to advocate the concerns of Indigenous Peoples (Hanselmann, Dinsdale, and Brazeau 2005: 7). Increasing Indigenous migration to cities (in 1959, seventeen per cent of Registered Indians lived off-reserve and by 1996 forty-two per cent lived off-reserve) (Peters 2002: 54) spurred an interest in academic writing. Statistical surveys about Indigenous Peoples in Winnipeg, Regina and Saskatoon were conducted by the Institute of Urban Studies, University of Winnipeg at the beginning of the decade, but relatively little was published on urban Indigenous Peoples after 1985 (). Statistical surveys published by the Institute of Urban Studies in Winnipeg in the 1990s demonstrated low incomes and high levels of unemployment. The main factors differen- tiating urban Indigenous Peoples from the urban poor were the services required to adapt to urban life, the degree of their poverty and the extent of their housing needs. Public service organizations were inadequate in meet- ing the needs of urban Indigenous Peoples because of their assimilationist objectives, limited target groups, unclear mandates and uncertain funding ( 60). Bill C-31, the 1985 amendment to the Indian Act, witnessed an estimated in- crease of thirty-five per cent in the number of registered Indians (Clatworthy 2003: 85), many of whom resided in urban centres. The bill attempted to cor- rect gender bias that retained status for Indian men and their families when he married a person without status, yet disenfranchised Indian women and their children if she married a person without status . More people applied for reinstatement than predicted which pressured bands to recognize new members and their eligibility for housing and post-second- ary education (Graham and Peters 2002: 7). The passing of Bill C-31 therefore failed to enfranchise all applicants and in some cases, limited status to current generations while disfranchising future generations. The passage of Gender Equity in Indian Registration Act in 2011, commonly referred to as Bill C-3, still failed to remedy the discrepancies in Bill C-31. What is significant about Bill C-3 is its attempt to eliminate the one Indian parent stipulation from Bill C-31. As much as Bill C-3 seeks to eliminate gender bias against women, it con- tinues to entrench gender bias against Indigenous women because Bill C-3 extends Indian status for one generation only (Palmater 2011: 47). As future generations lose their Indian status, they continue to identify as Indigenous and have significantly increased the urban Indigenous identity population. The other event that impacted on urban Indigenous Peoples in the 1980s was the patriation of Canada's constitution. of the Constitution Act 1982 acknowledges the existing aboriginal and treaty rights of the aborig- inal peoples of Canada . How Section 35 impacted on urban Indigenous Peoples was addressed in the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples and is discussed next. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 6 RCAP and urban Indigenous Peoples In the aftermath of the Oka standoff between the people of Kahnawake and federal and provincial police, the federal cabinet established The Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples in 1991 (Abele and Graham 2011: 165) to investigate the evolution of the relationship among Aboriginal peo- ples the Canadian government and Canadian society as a whole (1996 v1: 669). The first report published by RCAP was Aboriginal Peoples in Urban Centres in 1993, a discussion document that reported on the National Round Tables held in June 1992. The conclusion of the report identified the social problems faced by Indigenous Peoples in urban centres: poverty, power- lessness, racism, joblessness, poor housing, family violence, abuse, AIDS, lack of child are and low education and literacy levels. These problems are widespread and severe . RCAP also clarified that Section 35 of the Constitution Act 1982 applies to provinces. Since municipal governments are created from provincial gov- ernments, Section 35 may be interpreted as being applicable to them as well (RCAPv2Part1 1996: 85 86). In other words, all levels of government have some constitutional responsibility for urban Indigenous Peoples. One of the most difficult aspects of urban life for Indigenous Peoples is dealing with racism Of the five volume RCAP Report published in 1996, the chapter, Urban Perspectives in Volume Four reported on Indigenous Peoples in urban cen- tres. RCAP identified four critical issues for urban Indigenous Peoples. The first critical issue involved challenges to their cultural identity. The extent to which Indigenous Peoples can maintain a positive cultural identity in urban centres will significantly affect the survival of Aboriginal peoples as distinct peoples (RCAPv4 1996: 522). RCAP stressed the importance of strong cultural foundations for healing and identity: The key to the healing process lies in protecting and supporting all elements that urban Aboriginal people consider an integral part of their cultural identity: spirituality, lan- guage, a land base, elders, values and traditions, family and ceremonial life (). The second critical issue RCAP identified concerns regarding exclusion from opportunities for self-determination (RCAPv4 1996: 520). RCAP re- ported that a large-scale survey found that ninety-two per cent of respon- dents supported, this effort to have Aboriginal people in urban areas run their own affairs (). RCAP proposed systems for urban self-determi- nation that included Indigenous Peoples in decision-making processes at a local level especially in those areas that are relevant to the acknowledgment, maintenance and preservation of Indigenous cultural identity. One proposal 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 604 was for a co-management governing system where institutions and services are established by various levels of government to serve the general pop- ulation, with specific provisions for Indigenous participation established through enabling legislation or negotiated agreements. While RCAP admit- ted the co-management arrangement may afford urban Indigenous Peoples only limited opportunity to influence governance in urban centres, there are still important benefits that include having a voice in local government decision making and promoting greater understanding in relationships be- tween non-Indigenous and Indigenous Peoples (). Another proposal was for a community of interest model where existing urban Indigenous organizations would be recruited to develop this new form of governance. The urban community would establish a city-wide body with political and administrative functions that would exercise self-government in various sectors and institutions within its urban boundaries. Community of interest governments would enter into agreements with Indigenous and other urban governments, to co-operate in the efficient delivery of services (). The third critical issue for urban Indigenous Peoples RCAP identified was discrimination. Presenters and participants in learning circles reported they felt that racism and discrimination directed against them as Indigenous Peoples had a negative impact on their cultural identification. One of the most difficult aspects of urban life for Indigenous Peoples is dealing with racism (RCAPv4 1996: 520 27). The fourth critical issue that RCAP found was the difficulty of finding culturally appropriate services (RCAPv4 1996: 520). The Commission not only recommended that Indigenous Peoples need and should have, cultur- ally appropriate services, but in addition, they stated that they should be involved in the design of these services that promote a holistic approach to the healing of individuals and communities. The Commission reported that some mainstream agencies and municipal governments are relying more on Indigenous agencies to provide services because they cannot address the needs of urban Indigenous Peoples. This poses problems for Indigenous organizations that not only are underfunded, but operate on an ad hoc or short-term project-funding. In addition, challenges to staffing include pro- grams that are understaffed, dependency on unpaid and untrained volun- teers, staff and volunteer burn-out and administrators who spend more time seeking funding instead of delivering services ( 55). In summary, the critical issues for urban Indigenous Peoples in Canada, coming out of RCAP were: maintaining a strong cultural identity; self-determination and models of governance; discrimination; and accessing culturally appropriate services. The immediate media reaction to RCAP quickly centred on the price tag for implementing the reforms it recommended. Annual allocations of two billion dollars would be required for building health centres, stimulating 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 605 the Indigenous economy, upgrading housing and building community centres . While RCAP was successful in giving voice to Indigenous Peoples, it had limited impact on policy change . The immediate federal response was the 1997 release of Gathering Strength: Canada's Aboriginal Action Plan . The twenty-three-page docu- ment responded to urban Indigenous issues in two paragraphs. Under the heading Urban Issues, the report recognized its need to respond to the serious socio-economic conditions that many urban Aboriginal people are facing, by, strengthening partnerships with provincial governments and Aboriginal groups to develop practical approaches for improving the deliv- ery of programs and services to urban Aboriginal people (Canada 1997: 7). Under the heading, Recognizing the Inherent Right of Self-Government, the report stated, Self-government processes for M tis and off-reserve Aboriginal groups exist in most provinces. In these processes, the federal government is prepared to consider a variety of approaches to self-government, in- cluding self-government institutions, devolution of programs and services, and pub- lic government. All of these initiatives provide opportunities for significant Aboriginal input into program design and delivery, and should ultimately lead to direct control of programming by Aboriginal governments and in- stitutions (emphasis added). By the end of the twentieth century the policy regard- ing urban Indigenous Peoples appeared to be shifting toward self-determination By the end of the twentieth century the policy regarding urban Indigenous Peoples appeared to be shifting toward self-determination. The Constitution Act 1982 acknowledged Aboriginal peoples in Canada. RCAP recognized and made substantial recommendations for urban Indigenous representation that the federal government immediately responded to, but this response was short lived. Policy regarding urban Indigenous Peoples would shift from representation to policy implementation in the new millennium. From policy innovators to policy implementers Three years later, the federal government released Gathering Strength: Canada's Aboriginal Action Plan A Progress Report . The report noted that First Nations, M tis and Indigenous organizations in Regina, Saskatoon, Prince Albert, Edmonton and Calgary have, initiated a num- ber of community processes across Canada under the Urban Aboriginal 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 6 Strategy (Canada 2000: 10). Unlike the 1997 report that recognized the inherent right of self-government, the progress report failed to include an urban Indigenous component in its discussion of self-government. Consequently, the second release of Gathering Strength illustrates the federal prioritization of the Urban Aboriginal Strategy as a program and ser- vice delivery mechanism over developing processes for urban Indigenous self-government. The Department of Indian Affairs and Northern Development, the Federation of Canadian Municipalities and the Indian Taxation Advisory Board created the Centre for Municipal Aboriginal Relations in 1996 with a mandate to promote municipal-Indigenous relations by conducting research and generating a database of agreements and effective practices. The Municipal-Aboriginal Adjacent Community Cooperation committee was formed in 2001 by CMAR. Although it was short lived, its mandate was to conduct research, identify examples of collaboration and address out- standing issues regarding reserves located in or near urban centres (Abele and Graham 2011: 169). In 2011 the Federation of Canadian Municipalities and the Department of Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada created the First Nations-Municipal Community Infrastructure Partnership Program . The program was designed to provide resources to facili- tate an interchange between the communities, targeting both hard services (water provision and wastewater collection and fire protection) and soft ser- vices (policing, parks and libraries). While CIPP has witnessed increasing Indigenous-municipal partnerships across Canada , it should be noted that these arrangements are between municipalities and First Nations adjacent to urban centres, CIPP's reach does not extend to most Indigenous Peoples who reside within municipalities. Urban Aboriginal Strategy Coming out of RCAP and supported by the Sgro Task Force on Urban Issues, the Urban Aboriginal Strategy emerged in the late 1990s. Although the federal government primarily regarded its mandate to First Nation on reserves, the UAS was designed to recommend and develop pilot projects that would enable greater alignment with programs conducted at all levels of government. The UAS initiated its program in thirteen cities whose combined Indigenous population represented more than twenty-five per cent of Canada's total Indigenous population (Vancouver, Prince George, Lethbridge, Calgary, Edmonton, Prince Albert, Regina, Saskatoon, Winnipeg, Thompson, Thunder Bay, Toronto and Ottawa). The UAS started in 1998 with a four year fifty million dollar program (Abele and Graham 2011: 169) to partner with other governments and community organizations 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 607 in response to the needs of urban Indigenous Peoples in three project prior- ity areas: improving life skills; promoting job training, skills and entrepre- neurship; and supporting Indigenous women, children and families and project priorities continue in the present day . The UAS was instrumental in bringing policy actors together to identify, what many of them referred to as gaps in programs. It illustrates the preference of the federal government to allocate urban resources on program and service delivery. Consequently, the second release of Gathering Strength illustrates the federal prioritization of the Urban Aboriginal Strategy as a program and service delivery mechanism over developing processes for urban Indigenous self-government Urban Aboriginal Peoples Study The Urban Aboriginal Peoples Study by The Environics Institute provides an overview of urban life for urban Indigenous Peoples that supports increased Indigenous participation in their issues and inter- ests. The UAPS went beyond the indicators that measure marginaliza- tion to inquire about the values, experiences, identities and aspirations of urban Aboriginal peoples with a focus on the future rather than the past . According to UAPS, urban Indigenous Peoples are more positive about their Indigenous identity than at any time in the past (The Environics Institute 2010: 42 48). Two-thirds of those surveyed indicated that they themselves or a family member were a student at a residential school or a provincial day school and half indicated that the residential school ex- perience has had some impact in shaping their lives today (). Most of those interviewed had contact with the Canadian criminal system either as a witness to or a victim of a crime, or have been arrested or charged with a crime (). They strongly support alternative justice approaches because many feel they would reduce Indigenous crime rates, improve their confidence in the justice and improve community safety (). Support of traditional healing practices (which includes spirituality, relation to the land and strength of Indigenous identity) were felt to be more important than access to mainstream health care for the majority of Indigenous partici- pants (). They have negative experiences with non-Indigenous services (financial institutions, health system, schools, social assistance programs, employment services, social housing and child welfare system) that include racism or discrimination, disrespect, judgmental staff, rudeness and lack of empathy. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 6 A large majority of Indigenous Peoples believe it is very important to have Indigenous services and this is considered to be most important for addiction programs, child and family services and housing services ( 85). Fewer than half of the respondents indicated that Indigenous orga- nizations represent them well and there was a three-way tie that indicated Indigenous political organizations, Canadian political parties and no one political organization, best represents them (). However, more than half of urban Indigenous Peoples engage in Indigenous and mainstream polit- ical systems. The higher Indigenous political involvement the more likely they vote in Canadian elections. The UAPS disclosed a healthy and vibrant Aboriginal civil society appears to facilitate voice both within Aboriginal and Canadian elections (). In the absence of a political system that gives voice to urban Indigenous Peoples, the UAPS assesses the Indigenous urban experience. UAPS con- firms that urban Indigenous Peoples are positive about their identity, prefer traditional healing and justice services and face negative experiences and discrimination in their daily lives. The UAPS also confirms the desire of Indigenous Peoples to be represented in urban governance. This section has traced the evolution of urban Indigenous Peoples in Canada, with emphasis on how policy decisions have impacted on their under representation. In this next section, the role of the third sector advocacy for urban Indigenous Peoples is examined. Urban Indigenous Peoples and the third sector With reforms starting in the 1980s, responsibility for policy implementation was increasingly downloaded by the state to the voluntary sector. In the absence of municipal political representation, leaders of Indigenous organi- zations took on a dual role to represent Indigenous communities in policy processes. As voluntary organizations assume greater responsibilities act- ing as service providers, advocates and policy actors, their place within the governance framework becomes more complex, further complicating their relationship with the communities that need their support, resources and services. This representational arrangement, while beneficial for policy implementation, falls short of addressing legal decisions and commission recommendations to give Indigenous Peoples voice. In the absence of a spe- cific federal or provincial government departments specifically for urban Indigenous Peoples, program and service implementation requires contact with multiple departments at various levels of government. Compounding the absence of program coordination is the scope of services considered essential for Indigenous Peoples that includes: training programs, em- ployment opportunities and mentorship, healing, language and identity 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 609 programs, early childhood and family services and life skills. Moreover, policy development must consider formal recognition of Aboriginal special status and rights These realities suggest the need to maintain the coexist- ence of programs and service delivery arrangements tailored specifically to Aboriginal people even as Aboriginal people are encompassed within more general federal and provincial programs (Wotherspoon 2003: 192). In the Canadian provinces, urban Indigenous Peoples are usually repre- sented in policy processes by leaders of various Indigenous organizations who advocate on their behalf. The term voluntary organizations encom- passes a broad range of domestic and international organizations including nonprofit and nongovernment organizations. In public policy literature, voluntary organizations are also referred to as the third sector to distin- guish them from the private and public sectors (Laforest 2011: 144). Third sector organizations have delegated responsibility for the service delivery of programs which may have been formerly carried out by government. The range of capacity of third sector organizations varies greatly from or- ganizations that are solely involved in the service delivery of a particular government program to large, multifaceted organizations that function as policy actors. The proximity of these organizations to their client base shifts the traditional government-citizen balance in such a way that third sector organizations, to various degrees, may advocate on behalf of their clients (Phillips 2003: 24). Advocacy and the third sector Despite the debate over the role of third sector, it remains restricted in its mandate. Government restrictions present several challenges that impact on the policy capacity and advocacy role of the third sector. First, organi- zations incorporated as charities are restricted in their advocacy activities by Canadian charities legislation. Canadian tax rules require that volun- tary organizations provide service delivery rather than orient themselves toward public policy. Under common law, political purposes are not con- sidered charitable, therefore an organization will not qualify for charitable registration if at least one of its purposes is political. Revenue Canada has interpreted this to mean to persuade the public to adopt a particular view on a broad social question or attempt to bring about or oppose changes in the law or government policy (Pross and Webb 2003: 95). The federal government has ensured that charities will be prevented from participat- ing in advocacy, even as they are expected to deliver more services (Smith 2005: 143). Second, securing project funding from the federal and provincial gov- ernments exacts a heavy toll on the time and energy of group leaders who 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 610 are the same individuals who have the necessary background for advocacy work (Pross and Webb 2003: 110). Third, is the increase in work load of organizations due to reporting and accountability requirements. The Lobbyists Registration Act and the Canada Elections Act do not impose a regulatory burden on the advocacy activities of groups, but they have implications for the treatment of groups as registered charities and as recipients of government funds. Fourth, is the shift to evidence-based policy in the voluntary sector as a preferred instrument for government of accountability and consistency. While organizations are considered engaged in policy-making, this partic- ipation prioritizes collecting data over articulating the interests of their cli- ents (Laforest and Orsini 2005: 482). A final challenge to third sector advocacy is acknowledging that advo- cacy for urban Indigenous Peoples creates a fundamental challenge to the public service's standard practices of public administration. Social move- ments and bureaucratic norms are sometimes replicated in the public service. So, while public servants adhere to the neutrality of public admin- istration, social agencies may, on the other hand, orient themselves to the needs of Indigenous Peoples. Malloy explains: This reveals a new dimen- sion of the colliding worlds of public administration and social movements, demonstrating just how inherent role conflict and ambiguity are in spe- cial policy agencies . So far, this article has traced how govern- ment policies generally contributed to the under representation of urban Indigenous Peoples and how policy implementation reforms specifically shifted the role of the third sector as their voice in policy processes. The next section discusses urban Indigenous representation in context of com- mission recommendations. Mapping political representation Urban Indigenous Peoples across Canada are not represented by one specific political organization due to geographic considerations and the varying categories of urban Indigenous organizations (Peters 2011: 17). However, attempts have been made to organize off-reserve Indigenous Peoples, many of whom reside in urban centres. Formed in 1968 when they separated from the National Indian Brotherhood (present day Assembly of First Nations ), the Native Council of Canada was created as a national rights-based organization to represent the interests of Indigenous Peoples living off-reserve. In 1983 the in 1994 the NCC changed its name to the Congress of Aboriginal Peoples . CAP now comprises an uneasy alliance of urban and off-reserve 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 611 people (Donovan 2011: 138 9). As a national First Nations organization, the AFN has little involvement with urban First Nations issues. One attempt was its General Assembly's resolution to create an Urban Issues Secretariat in 1999 that never transpired (Peters 2011: 17). Urban reserves are another example of collaboration between municipali- ties and First Nations across Canada. Urban reserves are satellites to princi- pal reserves located elsewhere and have typically been acquired on a willing buyer-willing seller basis in the real estate marketplace, often with finan- cial resources derived from land claim settlements (Walker and Belanger 2013: 205). There are more than 120 urban reserves operating across Canada, with most of them located in Manitoba and Saskatchewan (). Urban reserves have been created, subject to federal approval, to accommodate industrial and commercial ventures and social service agencies, especially those providing services in the fields of education and health (Barron and Garcea 1999: 5). Like Municipal-Indigenous agreements, urban reserves are First Nation entities and as such are not representative of other Indigenous Peoples within a municipality. The recent Daniels decision by the Supreme Court of Canada has the po- tential to challenge Indigenous representation. What Daniels does is affirm that the term Indian includes Non-Status Indians and M tis (Daniels v. Canada 2016). What is significant about non-status Indians and Metis is that a significant number of them reside in urban centres across Canada. The long term impact of the Daniels decision and how federal responsibility for urban Indigenous Peoples will impact on their representation, remains un- clear . The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples , adopted by the General Assembly in 2007 and by the Canadian government in 2010 has a direct role in supporting self-determination for urban Indigenous Peoples, particularly Article 4 and its reference to: Indigenous Peoples, in exercising their right to self-determination, have the right to autonomy or self-government in matters relating to their internal and local affairs, as well as ways and means for financing their autonomous functions . Urban Indigeneity is a distinctive identity that frames Indigenous determi- nation for personal and cultural continuity. However, their under representa- tion in municipal government in Canada challenges their self-determination for a variety of reasons. Canada's constitution gave responsibility for Indigenous Peoples to the federal government, but that responsibility would not reach, for the most part, to Indigenous Peoples who migrated to urban centres. Over time the Indian Act focused mostly on Indians on reserves. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 6 Amendments to the Act, namely Bills C-31 and C-3, were admittedly prob- lematic, but it also impacted on a growing number of urban women and their children who identified as Indigenous upon regaining their status. RCAP was instrumental in recommending governance structures for urban Indigenous Peoples. RCAP determined that all levels of government have some constitutional responsibilities for urban Indigenous Peoples. These recommendations were made against the backdrop of reforms to policy implementation that would impact on all service organizations across Canada. For urban Indigenous Peoples, government restructuring The federal government has prioritized a reliance on service providers to speak on behalf of Indigenous communities at the expense of building on models of urban governance recommended by RCAP. RCAP also addressed critical issues for urban Indigenous Peoples that included: challenges to their cultural identity; exclusion from opportunities for self-determination; discrimination; the difficulty of finding culturally appropriate services. Twenty years later, the UAPS confirmed that these is- sues are still relevant. However, Indigenous Peoples had mixed responses as to whether political parties or Indigenous political organizations best rep- resent them. There are governance structures in municipalities, but they do not repre- sent all Indigenous Peoples. Agreements made between First Nations and government regarding adjacent or urban reserves are increasing over time. While arrangements provide autonomy for First Nations and arguably benefit urban Indigenous Peoples, they do not repre- sent all of them. The recent Daniels decision challenges the under representation of urban Indigenous Peoples by acknowledging federal responsibility for M tis and non-status Indians, most of whom reside in urban centres. This presents a timely challenge to Indigenous and non-Indigenous Peoples and all levels of government to assess how Indigenous Peoples will have their issues and interests addressed in municipal government going forward. Notes 1 That a broad-based group of Aboriginal organizations undertake a series of meetings to
Apr 06 08:15:12 raspberrypi node[7671]:  discuss the idea and feasibility of establishing Aboriginal urban self-government in Toronto. That discussions be initiated between urban Aboriginal organizations in partner- ship with the three levels of government with a view of exploring the idea of Aboriginal self-government in Toronto (McCaskill . 1994: 39). 2 This division of responsibilities and the establishment of all municipalities as creations of provincial statute put in place major elements of the urban Aboriginal public policy maze. This maze was made significantly more difficult to navigate by the federal government's Indian Act and by its interpretation of section 91(24). Passage of the first Indian Act in 1876 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 613 put in place a regime of distinctions among Aboriginal Peoples that politically, adminis- tratively and viscerally divide Aboriginal people to this day As federal policy devel- oped, M tis were separated from Indians and their rights were extinguished through the issuing of scrip (certificates that could be exchanged for land or money) The federal government has historically taken the policy position that its section 91(24) responsibilities relate to Indians on land reserved for Indians, rather than all Status Indians on or off re- serve and, after 1939, to Inuit. Furthermore, it has been loath to extend its reach of action to non-Status Indians or M tis (Graham and Peters 2002: 5 6). Abele, Frances, and Katherine Graham. 2011. What now? Future federal responsibilities towards Aboriginal People living in cities. Aboriginal Policy Studies 1 (1): 162 82. Alcantara, Christopher, and Jen Nelles. 2016. A Quiet Evolution: The Emergence of Indigenous- Local Intergovernmental Partnerships in Canada. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. Alcantara, Christopher, and Zachary Spicer. 2016. A new model for making Aboriginal policy? Evaluating the Kelowna Accord and the promise of multilevel governance in Canada. Canadian Public Administration 59 (3): 183 203. Andersen, Chris. 2013. Urban Aboriginality as a distinctive identity, in twelve parts. In Indigenous in the City: Contemporary Identities and Cultural Innovation, edited by Evelyn Peters, and Chris Andersen. Vancouver: UBC Press, 68. Barron, F. Laurie and Joseph Garcea. 1999. Introduction. In Urban Indian Reserves: Forging New Relationships in Saskatchewan, edited by F. Laurie Barron, and Joseph Garcea. Saskatoon: Purich Publishing, 52. Canada. 1982. Constitution Act, being Schedule B to the Canada Act 1982 , 1982, c.11. Ottawa: Publications Canada. . Indian Affairs and Northern Development. 1997. Gathering Strength: Canada's Aboriginal Action Plan. Available at . Indian Affairs and Northern Development. 2000. Gathering Strength: Canada's Aboriginal Action Plan A Progress Report. Available at Collection R32-192-2000E.pdf . Indigenous and Northern Development Canada. 2016. Urban Aboriginal Strategy. Available at Chandler, Michael J., and Christopher E. Lalonde. 2009. Cultural continuity as a moderator of suicide risk among Canada's first nations. In Healing Traditions: The Mental Health of Aboriginal Peoples in Canada, edited by Laurence J. Kirmayer, and Gail Guthrie Valaskakis. Vancouver: UBC Press, 55. Clatworthy, Stewart. 2003. Impacts of the 1985 amendments to the Indian Act on the First Nations populations. In Aboriginal Conditions: Research as a Foundation for Public Policy, edited by Jerry White, Paul Maxim, and Dan Beavon. Vancouver: UBC Press, 90. Donovan, Sadie. 2011. Challenges to and successes in urban Aboriginal education in Canada: A case study of Wiingashk Secondary School. In Aboriginal Peoples in Canadian Cities: Transformations and Continuities, edited by Heather A. Howard and Craig Proulx. Waterloo: Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 142. Feschuk, Scott. 1996. Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples: Native reforms to cost 30 billion, commission says Report portrays funds as future investment to break aboriginals cycle of dependency. Globe and Mail, 2 November: A1. Freeman, Victoria. 2010. 'Toronto has no history! Indigeneity, settler colonialism, and histori- cal memory in Canada's largest city. Urban History Review VIII: 21 35. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License JOANNE HERITZ 6 Graham, John, and Mackenzie Kinmond. 2008. Friendship Centre Movement: Best Practices in Governance Management. Ottawa: National Association of Friendship Centres. Available at Graham, Katherine A. H., and Eveyln Peters. 2002. Aboriginal Communities and Urban Sustainability. Ottawa: Canadian Policy Research Networks Inc. Hanselmann, Calvin, Peter Dinsdale, and Patrick Brazeau. 2005. Governance. Available at roundtable-urban-aboriginal-governance Hedican, Edward J. 2008. Applied Anthropology in Canada: Understanding Aboriginal Issues, Second Edition. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. Heritz, Joanne. 2016. Municipal-Aboriginal advisory committees in four Canadian cities: 1999 2014. Canadian Public Administration 59 (1): 134 52. Howard, Heather A. 2011. The Friendship Centre: Native people and the organization of com- munity in cities. In Aboriginal Peoples in Canadian Cities, edited by Heather A. Howard and Craig Proulx. Waterloo: Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 108. Howe, Eric C. 2006. Saskatchewan with an Aboriginal Majority: Education and Entrepreneurship (Public Policy Paper 44). Regina: The Saskatchewan Institute of Public Policy. Inwood, Gregory J., and Carolyn M. Johns. 2016. Commissions of inquiry and policy change: Comparative analysis and future research frontiers. Canadian Public Administration 59 (1): 382 404. Ladner, Kiera. 2009. Understanding the impact of self-determination on communities in cri- sis. Journal of Aboriginal Health 5 (2): 88 101. Laforest, Rachel. 2011. Voluntary Sector Organizations and the State: Building New Relations. Vancouver: UBC Press. Laforest, Rachel, and Michael Orsini. 2005. Evidence-based engagement in the voluntary sec- tor: Lessons from Canada. Social Policy and Administration 39: 481 97. Macdougall, Brenda. 2016. The power of legal and historical fiction(s): The Daniels decision and the enduring influence of colonial ideology. The International Indigenous Policy Journal 7: 3. Malloy, Jonathan. 2003. Between Colliding Worlds: The Ambiguous Existence of Government Agencies for Aboriginal and Women's Policy. Toronto: University of Toronto Press. Manitowabi, Darrel. 2011. Neoliberalism and the urban Aboriginal experience: A Casino Rama case study. In Aboriginal Peoples in Canadian Cities Tranformations and Continuities, edited by Heather A. Howard and Craig Proulx. Waterloo: Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 122. McCaskill, Don, Kevin FitzMaurice, and Jaime Cidro. 2011. Toronto Aboriginal Research Project : Final Report. Toronto: Toronto Aboriginal Support Services Council . McCue, Harvey. 1994. The modern age, 1945 1980. In Aboriginal Ontario: Historical Perspectives on the First Nations, edited by Edward S. Rogers and Donald B. Smith. Toronto: Dundurn Press, 91. Morse, Bradford. 1989. Government obligations, aboriginal peoples and Section 91(24). In Aboriginal Peoples and Government Responsibility, edited by David C. Hawkes. Ottawa: Carleton University Press, . National Association of Friendship Centres . 2012. State of the Friendship Centre Movement 2011 2012. Available at Friendship_Centre_Movement_11-12.pdf Newhouse, David, and Evelyn Peters, eds. 2003. Not Strangers in These Parts: Urban Aboriginal Peoples. Government of Canada Policy Research Initiative, 13. Obonsawin, Roger, and Heather Howard-Bobiwash. 1997. The Native Canadian Centre of Toronto: The meeting place for the Aboriginal community for 35 years. In The Meeting 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License URBAN INDIGENOUS REPRESENTATION 6 Place: Aboriginal Life in Toronto, edited by Frances Sanderson, and Heather Howard- Bobiwash. Toronto: Native Canadian Centre of Toronto, 59. Palmater, Pamela D. 2011. Beyond Blood: Rethinking Indigenous Identity. Saskatoon: Purich Publishing. Peters, Evelyn. 2001. Developing federal policy for First Nations People in urban areas: 1945 1975. The Canadian Journal of Native Studies XXI (1): 57 96. . 2002. Aboriginal people in urban areas. In Urban Affairs: Back On the Policy Agenda, ed- ited by Caroline Andrew, Katherine A. Graham, and Susan D. Phillips. Montreal: McGill- Queen's University Press, 30. . 2011. Aboriginal public policy in urban areas: An introduction. In Urban Aboriginal Policy Making in Canadian Municipalities, edited by Evelyn J. Peters. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen's University Press, 3 32. Mismatch Phillips, Susan D. 2003. Voluntary sector-government relationships in transition: Learning from international experience for the Canadian context. In The Nonprofit Sector in Interesting Times, edited by Kathy L. Brock and Keith G. Banting. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen's University Press, 71. Pross, A. Paul and Kernaghan R. Webb. 2003. Embedded regulation: Advocacy and the fed- eral regulation of public interest groups. In Delicate Dances: Public Policy and the Nonprofit Sector, edited by Kathy L. Brock. Kingston: Queen's University School of Policy Studies, 61. Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples. 1993. Aboriginal Peoples in Urban Centres. Ottawa: Ministry of Supply and Services Canada. . 1996. Report of the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples. Looking Forward Looking Back Voume 1, Restructuring the Relationship Volume 2, Part 1. Perspectives and Realities Volume 4. Ottawa: Canada Communication Group. Sal e, Daniel. 2006. Quality of life of Aboriginal people in Canada. IRPP Choices 12 (6): 5. Silver, Jim. 2006. In Their Own Voices: Building Urban Aboriginal Communities. Halifax: Fernwood Publishing. Smith, Miriam C. 2005. A Civil Society? Collective Actors in Canadian Political Life. Peterborough, Statscan. 2011. Statistics Canada. Aboriginal Peoples Survey . Available at statcan.gc.ca aps The Environics Institute. 2010. The Urban Aboriginal Peoples Study. Toronto: Environics Institute. Available at United Nations. 2008. United Nations Declaration of the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. Available at Walker, Ryan, and Yale Belanger. 2013. Aboriginality and planning in Canada's large prairie cities. In Reclaiming Indigenous Planning, edited by Ryan Walker, Ted Jojola, and David Natcher. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen's University Press, 310. Warry, Wayne. 2007. Ending Denial: Understanding Aboriginal Issues. Peterborough: Broadview Press, 216. Wotherspoon, Terry. 2003. Aboriginal people, public policy, and social differentiation in Canada. In Social Differentiation: Patterns and Processes, edited by Danielle Juteau. Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 204. 17547121, 2018, 4, Downloaded from by Toronto Metropolitan Universit, Wiley Online Library on . See the Terms and Conditions ( on Wiley Online Library for rules of use; OA articles are governed by the applicable Creative Commons License","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-06T12:10:35.885Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:26.085Z"},{"id":135,"originalName":"K34-7-2019-eng - Supplementary.pdf","displayName":"K34-7-2019-eng - Supplementary.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Reading/K34-7-2019-eng - Supplementary.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":2562285,"folder":"week-7-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":49,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach International Coalition of Inclusive and Sustainable Cities ICCAR With the support of the Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Written for the Canadian Commission for UNESCO by: Yvonne Vizina, Ph. D. Peigi Wilson, LL.M. Project coordination Cynthia Lacasse, Programme Officer, Social and Human Sciences, Canadian Commission for UNESCO The Canadian Commission for UNESCO would like to thank the following individuals who agreed to contribute their knowledge and expertise to the development of this document: Caitlin Downie, Supervisor, Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo Becky Kuffner, Cultural Diversity and Race Relations Consultant, City of Saskatoon Paul-Antoine Martel, Liaison Officer, City of Val-d Or Maria Morrison, former Coordinator, Citizen Equity Committee, City of Winnipeg Anne Nickerson, Director, Equity, Diversity and Inclusion, City of Vancouver Haven Rees, Vice-chair, CCUNESCO Youth Advisory Group We also wish to extend our sincere appreciation to staff members and elected officials from various municipalities or organizations who have agreed to review certain sections of this document to ensure its quality and accuracy. Canadian Commission for UNESCO ISBN K34-7 2019E-PDF 978-0-660-31370-2 All rights reserved. This publication may be reproduced in whole or in part for private and or non-commercial use, provided that the source is acknowledged. This document is available online at en.ccunesco.ca. Canadian Commission for UNESCO, June 2019. Canadian Commission for UNESCO 1 Elgin Street, P.O. Box 1 Ottawa, Ontario K1P 5V8 en.ccunesco.ca Phone: 613 566-4 Toll-Free: 1 800 263-5 Email: The Canadian Commission for UNESCO helps Canadians share knowledge locally and globally in order to create better societies and build peace in the minds of everyone. To do so, the Commission facilitates cooperation in the fields of education, science, culture, communication and information to address some of the most complex challenges facing the world today. With its initiatives and networks, CCUNESCO supports the United Nations 2 Agenda for Sustainable Development and other UNESCO priorities. The Commission operates under the authority of the Canada Council for the Arts. Introduction Background Historical Events Demographics Rights and Calls to Action What Municipalities Can Do Engage with Indigenous communities and individuals in various Learning and growth: a model Successful Strategies Reconciliation in Practice A Holistic View Knowledge Systems Action Processes Spiritual Beliefs Values and Protocols Do s and Don ts Tools and resources Featured Municipalities Winnipeg, Manitoba Whitehorse, Yukon Montr al, Qu bec Val-d Or, Qu bec Conclusion Endnotes Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Introduction Advancing reconciliation is part of the broad mandate of the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities (formerly the Canadian Coalition of Municipalities against Racism and Discrimination CCMARD). Signatory municipalities of the Coalition are committed to strengthening their policies and programs in a number of areas of municipal responsibility including service delivery, employment, housing and cultural activities. The implementation of these objectives can directly contribute to advancing reconciliation. In Canada, as of May 2019, nearly 80 municipalities have joined the Coalition. The Coalition itself is part of the International Coalition of Inclusive and Sustainable Cities ICCAR, an initiative launched by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in 2004 to promote efforts by cities around the world to address racism, xenophobia, discrimination and exclusion. Members of the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities advance initiatives to: establish policies to eradicate all forms of racism and discrimination improve their practices to promote social inclusion promote human rights and diversity A survey of Canadian municipalities conducted by the Canadian Commission for UNESCO in 2017 identified a need for additional information to help municipalities learn about and respect the rights of the Indigenous population, both collectively and individually , including those who live in municipalities. This publication is in part a practical tool and resource to respond to this need. It includes a brief overview of Canadian-Indigenous relations and the call for reconciliation in this context. It provides definitions of common terms, and identifies additional reading and resources. It is also partly inspirational. Municipalities have generously shared their stories, practical advice and promising practices in order to encourage others to take action. A holistic approach to Indigenous- municipal relations is presented to support cross- cultural understanding. We hope that this publication encourages dialogue, learning, consensus-building and collaborative action in pursuit of inclusion, justice and, ultimately, reconciliation. S bastien Goupil Secretary-General Canadian Commission for UNESCO Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach UNESCO s Policy on Engaging with Indigenous Peoples reaffirms its commitment to implementing the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples in its mandated areas. The Canadian Commission for UNESCO s Let s Talk About Reconciliation, initiative for public libraries aims to encourage participation by Canadians who are not directly involved in the reconciliation process or who are not exposed to Indigenous history and cultures. These cross-country dialogues aim to strengthen relations between the Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities by creating a space where the two communities can interact with each other in a spirit of openness and mutual discovery. Reconciliation is about establishing and maintaining a mutually respectful relationship between Aboriginal and non- Aboriginal peoples in this country. Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Did you know The terms Aboriginal or Indigenous refer to Indigenous is the more commonly used term following the adoption of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples . The term Indigenous peoples is used when referring to nations, and the term Indigenous people is used when referring to Indigenous individuals. First Nations is a collective term referring to Haida, Blackfoot, Cree, Maliseet, and others. Individual communities are referred to as a First Nation. It is respectful and recommended to refer to the specific nation by the name the nation or community uses to describe themselves (i.e. traditional names). The term Inuit, an Inuktitut word meaning the people , is the collective term for those individuals and their future generations who are party to one of the Inuit Comprehensive Agreements. An individual member of this community is an Inuk. The term M tis does not include everyone of mixed European and Indigenous ancestry. The Supreme Court (R. v. Powley, 2 SCC 43) determined that and are accepted by that modern community. Other terms have come and gone out of favour over the years. These include Indian , Eskimo , Half- breed , Native , etc. However, some of these terms are used in legislation, like the Indian Act, or even the Constitution of Canada for example, section 35(2), which defines aboriginal peoples of Canada to include the Indian, Inuit and M tis peoples of Canada . These terms remain in use, therefore, but should only be used when citing a quote or when referencing the specific legislation. Background The destructive history of Canadian policies on Indigenous peoples has been described in major national studies over the past several decades. Most recently, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission concluded in its 2015 report that since Confederation, Canada s Indigenous policies had the effect of eliminating Indigenous governments; ignoring Indigenous rights; terminating treaties; and causing Indigenous peoples to cease to exist as distinct legal, social, cultural, religious and racial entities in Canada.2 Ongoing disparities are reflected in the intense racism some people harbour against Aboriginal peoples and in the systemic and other forms of discrimination Aboriginal people regularly experience in this country. 3 These consequences have been compounded by a lack of respect by non-Indigenous peoples for Indigenous peoples and a loss of self- respect and pride in themselves by Indigenous peoples.4 The timeline below highlights some important historical events that have contributed to our need for reconciliation. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Historical Events This is a timeline of some key historical events and or interactions between Indigenous and non-Indigenous peoples in Canada. Developing a joint history timeline is a great way to learn about each other. Municipalities and Indigenous partners may wish to work together to develop a local history timeline. It is a great way to start a conversation and get to know each other a little better. Indigenous histories are recounted from time immemorial that is, from the time of ancestral histories beyond memory. Oral traditions recount stories of origins and other important cultural knowledge (For example: the water). These stories also remind us that First Nations and Inuit were self-governing and exercised exclusive control of all territory now called Canada. Norse establish settlement at L Anse aux Meadows Papal bulls authorize European nations to seize Indigenous lands in the Americas and enslave the peoples they find there Europeans explore the Americas Further travels by Europeans and encounters with new Indigenous nations result in foreign diseases infecting Indigenous peoples France claims ownership of New France Papal bull acknowledges Indigenous peoples are human and forbids their enslavement Frobisher s search for the Northwest Passage to Asia constitutes first known contact with Inuit 1400s 1455 and 1493 1500s 1574-1778 1600s Commercial fur trade attracts more Europeans to Canada Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond British Royal Proclamation requires treaty with Indigenous nations prior to settling in their territory this remains the law in Canada 1 First Moravian Mission established among Inuit at Nain, Labrador 1 War with the United States; Six Nations Confederacy and British jointly repel attacks 10,0 M tis in Red River (now Winnipeg) form a Provisional Government 1 Confederation 1874 and early 1900s M tis are issued scrip for money or land 1884-1 Potlatch and other traditional gatherings and customs are banned 1 First Residential Schools open 1871-1 Canada negotiates the numbered Treaties 1 First Nations peoples restricted to reserves ( Indian Act) 1885-1 First Nations peoples required to obtain a pass from the Indian Agent to leave the reserve 1927-1 First Nations banned from hiring lawyers to pursue claims against the government 1 M tis and First Nations men executed, including Louis Riel (Battle at Batoche) 1 First RCMP posts established in the Arctic 1 Canada issues Inuit with numbered identification discs to use in place of their names The social and economic costs within Canadian society of these policies and events have been enormous. High rates of suicide, homelessness, unemployment and death within the Indigenous communities are the tragic human measure of colonial and assimilationist policies. Many Canadians are shocked when they learn about the destructive effect of colonialism on Indigenous communities over the years. It challenges cherished ideals about Canada as a nation. Changing the status quo means giving up old ideas, replacing control with collaboration, and learning new ways of looking at the world. 1953-1 Inuit forcibly moved to High Arctic to reinforce Canadian sovereignty many die 1 Constitutional amendments include recognition of Aboriginal and treaty rights 1 Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples Report lays out strategy for redressing Indigenous rights but the advice is not acted on by Canada 1 The new territory of Nunavut is created 1 White Paper issued by federal government recommends repealing the Indian Act and assimilating all Indigenous people sparks Indigenous political activism and creation of national Indigenous organizations 1 Last Residential School in Canada closes at Gordon First Nation in Saskatchewan 2 Canada apologizes for Residential Schools 2 Truth and Reconciliation Commission Report concludes that Residential Schools attempted cultural genocide and issues 9 Calls to Action 2 Canada endorses UNDRIP without qualification and establishes the National Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women Indigenous Languages Act tabled in Canadian Parliament Simultaneous translation of Indigenous languages offered in House of Commons for first time Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Demographics Winnipeg, Edmonton, Vancouver and Toronto have the largest number of Indigenous residents. More than 50 of the total population of First Nations peoples live in the four western provinces. There are more than Indigenous languages, 30 of which are spoken by more than 500 speakers.5 of Inuit live in Inuit Nunangat. 72.8 of status First Nations 44.2 of M tis live in urban settings. 62.6 of First Nations peoples live in Ontario. Ontario also reports the largest 24.2 Indigenous peoples comprise approximately of the Canadian population. 4.9 Over 977,0 First Nations, 587,0 M tis, and 65,0 Inuit. Average age in 2016 was 32.1 years old Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Debunking myths, misconceptions and stereotypes There are many myths, misconceptions, and stereotypes circulating about Indigenous peoples. A common impression of the typical Indigenous person is of someone who does not pay taxes, gets free education, lives on a reserve, and is unemployed. These stereotypes damage Indigenous peoples and relationships with non-Indigenous people. 1 Truth Most Indigenous peoples pay the same taxes as other Canadians, except for certain exceptions for status First Nations peoples who live or work on reserves, less than 1 of the total Canadian population.6 3 Truth More than half of status First Nations peoples live off-reserve and most of them live in urban centres.7 Inuit 2 Truth Only status First Nations children living on reserves get some funding from the federal government to attend local schools. First Nations peoples living off-reserve receive no such funding. Some Indigenous students also receive federal funding to attend post-secondary school, but not all students who wish to attend receive funding. 4 Truth There are more than 43,0 Inuit, owners in Canada and Indigenous businesses contributed 12 billion to Canada s economy in 2016.8 Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Rights and Calls to Action The legal framework for the protection of Indigenous rights includes Section 35 of the Constitution Act, 1982. It also includes binding legal commitments, like the Royal Proclamation of 1763, and Treaties signed over the centuries. Supreme Court of Canada decisions have clarified these rights and interpreted the Treaties.9 In 2016, Canada joined the global community in adopting the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples . The Declaration describes the agreed-upon minimum standard of rights of Indigenous peoples around the world. A review of these documents is necessary to understand the legal context in Canada. The Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada challenged Canadians to adopt a new relationship between Indigenous and non-Indigenous peoples. They recommended a nation-to-nation approach. The TRC urged giving up colonial policies and taking a new approach based on 1 Principles of Reconciliation and 9 Calls to Action. Reconciliation addresses the deep structural problems in terms of the way land, resources, money, education, housing and health care are distributed in this country, which undermine our collective wellbeing. The overall task is to build a new relationship with Indigenous peoples. It will take the effort of all Canadians to contribute to holistic changes in the way we live, work and govern ourselves. The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples It describes both individual and collective rights of Indigenous peoples around the world. The document sets out principles and commitments that UN Member States agreed to support, including Indigenous rights regarding: sovereignty culture identity religion language health education environment territory UNDRIP is the most advanced and peoples rights: its 46 articles describe specific rights and actions that governments commit to in order to protect these rights. The right to be free of discrimination is one of the four main themes of the Declaration. Reconciliation T he term reconciliation implies that the parties were once whole, experienced a rift, and now must be made whole again. But in colonial settings, this is not the case. The relationship between Indigenous and settler peoples in Canada was one of nations encountering nations, where one gradually oppressed and marginalized the other. Indigenous peoples never agreed to the denial of their sovereignty, cultures or identities. Thus, in the Canadian context, reconciliation must refer to transformative as opposed to restorative reconciliation. 1 Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Municipal governments (defined here to include all forms of local government including townships, counties and regional governments) are taking up this challenge. They are adopting new policies and ways of working, learning about Indigenous peoples across Canada, developing mutually beneficial agreements with local Indigenous communities, and sharing services developed through collaborative initiatives. Municipalities are encouraged to reflect upon all 9 Calls to Action and consider how they can advance implementation. Of the 9 Calls, five specifically refer all levels of government to take particular action. As a starting point, these nine Calls to Action can provide a focus for municipal action, although there are many more areas where municipalities can support action. With their capacity to bring the national reconciliation effort home to the local level, municipalities are not only critical partners. They have the capacities to be leaders in reconciliation through an authentic and inclusive dialogue with Indigenous peoples and governments. What Municipalities Can Do The TRC was a six-year undertaking, engaging thousands of Indigenous Peoples and non-Indigenous Canadians. Through this multi-year process, the TRC laid out what must be done. The second stage of the journey to reconciliation begins by determining how to implement the Calls to Action. Since the TRC process began in 2009, municipalities have seen significant changes in how we understand the issues and relationships with in our cities, resulting in new and revitalized relationships with local Indigenous leaders and organizations. 1 Calls to Action Related to Municipalities No 40 Establish Indigenous-specific victim programs and services No 43 Adopt and implement UNDRIP No 47 Reject concepts used to justify European sovereignty over Indigenous peoples and land No 57 Educate municipal public servants and develop skills in intercultural competency, conflict resolution, human rights and anti-racism efforts No 64 Require denominational schools to provide comparative religious studies including on Indigenous spiritual beliefs and practices No 75 Protect Residential School cemeteries No 77 Provide records of Residential Schools to the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation No 87 Provide public education on the history of Indigenous athletes in Canada No 88 Take action to support the development of Indigenous athletes Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Consider the host of local issues for which municipalities are responsible land-use planning, economic development, affordable housing, clean drinking water, policing and justice, fire and emergency response and how these touch on the rights and interests of neighbouring Indigenous governments and Indigenous people living in towns and cities. Municipalities are encouraged to engage with Indigenous people living within the municipality, to ensure that the municipality is inclusive of all residents and serving their needs. In addition, municipalities should strengthen relations with neighbouring Indigenous communities and governments in whose traditional territories the municipality is located. Municipalities can be good neighbours by sharing their plans and priorities, discussing possible new infrastructures, and offering to share services with Indigenous communities or purchase services from them. Working together may prove challenging, but imagine the new opportunities for cost savings, jobs and economic development, improved levels of service, and better land management and environmental protection, among others!1 Engage with Indigenous communities and individuals in various areas of municipal work The Power of the Arts and Culture CULTURAT is an ambitious and innovative social project that mobilizes the general public, socioeconomic groups, the media and Indigenous communities of Abitibi- of the territory through the arts and the creation of attractive and welcoming public spaces. It also encourages the knowledge, consumption and appreciation of local and regional cultural and artistic richness. Coordinated by Tourisme Abitibi- the heritage of local First Nations and promotes relationships between Indigenous and non-Indigenous peoples. As of May 2019, 62 municipalities, 7 band councils and 17 organizations have signed the CULTURAT charter. Many school boards, businesses and citizens in the region are also showing their support for the initiative. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Learning and growth: a model Successful collaboration can be built through a process of ongoing learning and sharing. Municipalities can start the process by learning everything they can about Indigenous peoples and their rights. Educate yourself, your staff and elected officials, and your community about historical facts, different Indigenous cultures, and legal rights. Reflect on and understand how your municipality can improve its own policies, practices, procedures and institutional values to achieve fully respectful relationships. Once you understand the basics, reach out to your Indigenous neighbours and start to build a respectful relationship based on a true appreciation for each other that will evolve over time. With a respectful dialogue underway, communities can explore a host of issues on which they might collaborate. Finally, communities can co-develop plans to address these issues and work together Knowledge, awareness, respect, and appreciation will build over time as we take on new ideas, processes, and relationships. This is a cyclical and evolving process. Bring an open mind and an open heart, and be ready to challenge yourself and your preconceptions. Learning Reflection Awareness Dialogue Exploration Co-develop plans Implementation June 21 - National Indigenous Peoples Day The day is marked by festivals, traditional dances, singing, pow-wows, storytelling, and more. As a municipality, you can host and take part in the celebrations. Need some ideas? The Indigenous Tourism Association of Canada and Crown-Indigenous Relations and Northern Affairs Canada websites offer plenty of ideas of interest for municipalities and their partners. The website also offers tips to promote your June 21 event. The Celebrate Canada program also provides funding opportunities for community celebratory events for which municipal governments are eligible. The Media and Reconciliation Your local media have a role to play in the reconciliation process. Reporting in Indigenous Communities offers a guide and checklist. The information is organized into three areas of reporting where journalists face challenges when producing news stories about Indigenous peoples: (i) At the Desk how to research and pitch stories; In the Field how to gather information for these stories; and On the Air how to present stories about Indigenous peoples.1 Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Successful Strategies Reconciliation is a complex issue and will take time. Identifying tangible opportunities for success along the way will help keep motivation high as you move through the stages of understanding, collaborating, and advancing meaningful knowledge and practices around reconciliation. 1 Understanding Learn at work Workshops, online training and guest speakers, including Indigenous speakers, can help introduce the topics and get people talking. Topics might include: Indigenous peoples and Canada Human rights and Indigenous rights Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada and Calls to Action Protocols of place Provide training to senior leadership and management, service providers and frontline workers. Here are some ideas for easy wins. Katzie First Nation provides a Katzie 101 training to the council and staff of the City of Pitt Meadows, B.C. to better inform them about Katzie history, culture and current realities. Have you considered inviting local Indigenous communities, Elders or organizations to speak Learn the culture and history of the Indigenous peoples in your area, such as by attending events and listening. Indigenous peoples in Canada have diverse worldviews that are reflected in the cultures, languages and ancestral knowledge of their communities. The Inuit are different from the First Nations and among First Nations. For example, the Mi kmaq from the East Coast are quite different from the Blackfoot of the Prairies. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach15 2 Collaborating Organize discussions and meetings with local Indigenous community representatives; this can help with forward momentum and build the foundation of new relationships and potential partnerships. Invite Indigenous women, youth and Elders to your meetings to ensure you address everyone s perspectives, issues and concerns. Consider hiring a facilitator who is experienced in working with Indigenous communities to help ensure protocols are met for all participants, common goals are established, and difficult moments or conflicts are mitigated. Establish a group of representatives, including Indigenous representatives, who are able to meet regularly, set and work on achievable goals, and keep the collaboration moving forward. Join the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities of the Canadian Commission for UNESCO. departments and branches such as local police authorities and Indigenous peoples to identify opportunities for training and improved relations. Consider reaching out to research centres or networks to inquire about data or statistics that the municipality alone cannot generate. The Town of Hearst and the Constance Lake First Nation in Ontario have been working In 2016, they worked together to develop a joint mining- readiness strategy to prepare themselves to benefit from a new graphite mine. In 2018, they signed an agreement to share solid-waste management services. Inquire if your provincial or territorial support to municipalities for implementing UNDRIP, the TRC s Calls to Action, or training for Is reconciliation a topic at their next annual meeting? Work with local chambers of commerce, training organizations or schools, universities, and colleges to develop programs that could contribute to train Indigenous peoples especially youth to fill local job vacancies. Work with service-providers and local organizations to ensure access to housing for Indigenous peoples within the municipality and to help address poverty reduction. Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond16 3 Advancing With partnerships established, identify short, medium- and long- term collaborative projects. Prioritize reconciliation within municipal planning. This can assist in generating activities and successes. Indigenous communities and municipalities struggle with limited resources, including financial, human and technical supports. These topics The Municipality of the County of Antigonish, NS, the Eastern-Straight Regional Enterprise Network and Paqtnkek Mi kmaw Nation have been working together since 2016 to strengthen collaboration and build a more resilient local economy. As a result of discussions, Paqtnkeke and the Municipality have signed a historic friendship agreement; are making joint applications for renewable-energy projects; are sharing services and land-use planning; held a joint green-energy workshop; and are planning a regional economic development forum between First Nations and local governments. Did you know Did you know some First Nations, Inuit and M tis are responsible for local governance, including the operation of municipalities? In the Northwest Territories there are only two Indian Act Reserves, and other local settlements are operated through self-government agreements or designated authority of various First Nations. In Alberta, eight settlements established by Alberta under Inuit, as the dominant population in Nunavut, as well as parts of their own municipalities or settlements. Newcomers and Reconciliation Identify opportunities to create and continue dialogue to build stronger relationships between new Canadians and First Nations, You could for example host a dialogue circle involving newcomers and Indigenous peoples and feature discussions and topics significant to the contributions and history of Indigenous Peoples, the history and legacy of Residential Schools, the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, and treaties and the treaty relationship.14 should not be avoided or minimized but may constitute important discussion and action points that require solutions. Continue to build on your knowledge and capacity to engage effectively with Indigenous peoples. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Reconciliation in Practice A Holistic View A holistic view of reconciliation honours many Indigenous worldviews and can provide a useful framework for systemic change. A holistic approach considers four interconnected areas mental, physical, emotional and spiritual. This section offers some examples of how municipal initiatives designed to lead to reconciliation are progressing in each of these four areas. If we address each area in our reconciliation journey, we can begin to generate the systemic changes we aim to achieve. The graphic below shows one example of how municipalities can think about the four interconnected areas. In this graphic, Knowledge Systems are linked to the Mental Domain; Action Processes are linked to the Physical Domain; Belief Systems are linked to the Spiritual Domain; and Values and Protocols are linked to the Emotional Domain. Mental Spiritual Emotional Physical Knowledge Systems Action Processes Belief Systems Values and Protocols Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Knowledge Systems Many municipalities are exploring the TRC Calls to Action and UNDRIP to consider how these might be implemented locally. Some municipalities have prepared for reconciliation by creating new policy, establishing new government departments, and creating new staff positions. An important part of the process is for municipalities to work jointly governments, communities, organizations and individuals to develop plans and strategies supporting reconciliation. Mental The City of Calgary, AB, is supported by the Calgary Aboriginal Urban Affairs Committee, which serves as an advisory committee to City Council. The Committee operates with a 10-Year Strategic Plan and reports annually to City Council on its achievements. Their work has resulted in three significant documents to advance reconciliation in partnership with the Kainai Nation, Siksika Nation, Wesley Nation, Chiniki Nation, Bearspaw Nation, Tsuut ina Nation, and Piikani Nation. The White Goose Flying Report is the City s response to the TRC Calls to Action. The Indigenous Policy Framework and the Indigenous Policy documents describe the local First Nations history and landscape prior to treaty and the importance of these in the City s planning and decision-making processes. The City of Lethbridge, AB, and the Lethbridge Indigenous Sharing Network have created a Reconciliation Implementation Plan that was unanimously adopted by City Council. The plan was developed in partnership with the Kainai Nation and the Piikani Nation. The City Council in Vancouver, BC, designated Vancouver as a City of Reconciliation and began initiatives to begin healing and forging new relationships. A Framework for City of Reconciliation was adopted, focusing on cultural competency, strengthening relations, and effective decision-making at the corporate level (within the overall service provision). Council also adopted the City s response to 2 TRC Calls to Action, identifying 4 City initiatives under three themes: Healthy Communities and Wellness; Achieving Indigenous Human Rights and Recognition; and Advancing Awareness, Knowledge and Capacity. The City of Prince George, BC, has adopted a Reconciliation Framework which contains corporate strategies based on the UNDRIP, recommendations from the TRC, and the City s Commitment to the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Action Processes Reconciliation involves multiple partners working in a positive relationship, with a willingness to collaborate. Successful partnerships often lead to policy development, tangible actions and greater understanding of diverse values and protocols. The City of Toronto, ON, with support from the Aboriginal Affairs Committee (soon to be Indigenous Affairs Committee) and a recommendation from the Urban Indigenous Community of Toronto, established the Indigenous Affairs Office in 2017. The IAO strives to strengthen the City s relationship with Indigenous communities and advance reconciliation. While the City remains committed to embedding the responsibility for Indigenous priorities across City divisions, the IAO will The City of Saskatoon, SK, has identified Reconciliation, Inclusion and Diversity as one of its key areas of focus and released a strategic Response to the TRC. The City of Saskatoon, Office of the Treaty Commissioner, Saskatoon Inc., along with 54 supporting organizations, launched an initiative known as Reconciliation Saskatoon. These organizations joined together to further a citywide conversation about the process of reconciliation, provide opportunities for transformative experiences at events, and inspire citizens to engage in calls to action. The Burnaby Village Museum in Burnaby, BC, has worked with local First Nations to launch a series of cultural presentations in which local Coast Salish community members share knowledge about various aspects of their culture and history. Coast Salish content is also included in programs that the Museum and School District host for K-12 students. an Elder and community members from the Innu Takuaikan Uashat mak Mani-Utenam to his swearing-in ceremony. They have held council- to-council meetings and established two joint working committees one on reconciliation and one on infrastructure and other files. The City of Victoria, BC, has a Witness Reconciliation Program with the Songhees and Esquimalt Nations that reflect traditional Indigenous witness journeys as a means of identifying and advancing reconciliation activities Physical provide more focused and coordinated leadership Commitments to Indigenous Peoples as well as existing work. In 2018, the City of Montr al, QC, created a new position, Commissioner of Indigenous Affairs, to strategy, help implement the principles of UNDRIP, provide training to elected officials and staff, and advise the Mayor and Council about reconciliation. Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond20 and processes. This program also began a City Family that includes City Council members, Indigenous advisors and City staff; all meet regularly to imagine ways of creating everyday awareness of the history, present and future of the Songhees and Esquimalt Nations within the city. The City of Red Deer, AB, City Council passed a mo
Apr 06 08:15:12 raspberrypi node[7671]: tion in 2015 to address five TRC Calls to Action and, in 2017, signed a Protocol Agreement with the Urban Aboriginal Voices Society. The Protocol represents the shared commitment between the voices of the Aboriginal community in Red Deer and the City of Red Deer to share in the vision to create a strong, engaged community that embraces its diversity, improves well-being, and maintains a good quality of life. It is guided by the principles of equity, leadership, collaborative action, and participation and diversity when making decisions, developing plans and implementing actions on issues of common concern. The Val-d Or First Nations Community Mixed Police Station - PPCMA encourages a community approach to maintaining peace, order and public safety by intervening as second- line responders. The PPCMA offers support and teams composed of police officers and social workers who can, for example, direct vulnerable, intoxicated or homeless persons to appropriate services. Some municipalities and Indigenous governments have adopted formal collaborative governance structures that support their capacity to share and work together. Examples include the Eeyou Istchee James Bay Regional Government, QC, and the Alberni-Clayoquot Regional Government, BC. The latter consists of a federation of municipalities and four treaty First Nations. Another example is Pitu paq, a volunteer collaboration between five First Nations and five municipalities established in 2001; the group meets monthly to address the environment of Bras d Or Lakes, Cape Breton, NS. Collaborations often lead to formalized agreements that form the basis of subsequent specific projects. The Town of Temiscaming, Municipality of Kipawa, QC, and Eagle Village First Nation signed a Friendship Accord. Pitt Meadows, BC, and Katzie First Nation signed water, sewer and fire agreements as well as a Friendship Agreement. The Town of Hearst, ON, and Constance Lake First Nation signed a Sustainable Development Agreement to cooperate on solid-waste management while improving the environment, reducing costs, and establishing a base for future relations. Edmundston, NB and Madawaska Maliseet First Nation have signed a Joint Friendship Accord. Economic initiatives are taking shape among municipalities and Indigenous communities. The Town of The Pas, MB, Regional Municipality of Kelsey, MB, and Opaskwayak Cree Nation signed a Friendship Accord and jointly pursue economic development initiatives. Together, they also published an investor-attraction brochure and launched an investor-attraction website. The City of Edmonton, AB, and Enoch Cree Nation signed a Memorandum of Understanding based on government-to- government relations and are working together to explore community economic development, housing, transit, green energy and co-management of a provincial park. Halifax, NS, is working with the Mi kmaq Sport Council of Nova Scotia to host the 2 North American Indigenous Games; thousands of people are expected to attend events across the Halifax Regional Municipality and at Millbrook First Nation. The City of Pitt Meadows, BC, included Katzie names for their public meeting spaces at City Hall. Powell River, BC, in collaboration with Tla amin Nation, has developed a waterfront recreation space that includes Coast Salish Municipalities such Whitehorse, YT, have added Indigenous local languages to certain stop signs. The City of Toronto, ON, has changed the official signs for several of its major streets, to Anishinaabemowin and Mohawk language names. The City of Winnipeg, MB, developed a poster with welcome in many local Indigenous languages that businesses are invited to display in their premises. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach21 Nine Quebec municipalities and the Centres) joined forces to address Indigenous urban issues. Three meetings were organized between the Mayors from these nine municipalities and representatives from local Native Friendship Centres. The outcomes include the signing of a Mutual Commitment to Improve the Living Conditions of Aboriginal People and the adoption of a joint Action plan to bring people together and secure services for Indigenous peoples in urban settings. In 2016, as part of this process and to continue Aboriginal Issues. Participating municipalities are Chibougamau, Joliette, La Tuque, Maniwaki, and Val-d Or. In 2018, the City of Montr al hosted the First Summit of First Nations and Municipalities on Reconciliation, organized in collaboration with More than 50 mayors from Quebec municipalities and half of the Chiefs of First Nations in Quebec attended. Among the commitments taken by parties were promotion of collaborative good practices between municipalities and First Nations, and collaboration to offer training to elected officials about the history and realities of Indigenous Peoples. The Summit is expected to be held yearly in a Quebec municipality. 2019 is the International Year of Indigenous Languages. Supporting Indigenous-language speakers, educators and champions in the revitalization and maintenance of Indigenous languages is one way that we can all work towards reconciliation. Check out the Indigenous Languages in Canada Reference Sheet published by the Canadian Commission for UNESCO to learn more about what your municipality can do to support Indigenous languages. Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Spiritual Beliefs Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities enjoy social gatherings. Sharing food, storytelling, dance, art, music and traditional knowledge are an important way to learn about Indigenous cultures. Opening up opportunities for Indigenous peoples to share their worldviews and perspectives within the municipal landscape can help break down barriers and increase learning experiences. The event KWE! Meet with Indigenous Peoples aims to present the 1 Indigenous Nations in Quebec to the public. The event s program includes shows by Indigenous artists, discussions on the issues faced by Indigenous communities, short films, workshops on traditional knowledge, demonstrations of arts and crafts as well as meeting people. The event is organized by the Huron-Wendat Nation, the host Nation, and the Assembly of First Nations Quebec-Labrador in collaboration with different partners including the City of Qu bec. The City of Medicine Hat, AB, is planning a reconciliation-awareness event as part of Raising the Curtain: A Celebration of Diversity and Inclusion. In addition, the City s Arts and Heritage Advisory Board has set a goal to facilitate reconciliation through arts, heritage and cultural activities. Oakville, ON, has developed a trail and information system featuring a series of 13 plaques containing stories and information relating to land, water and sky, developed in partnership with the Mississaugas of the New Credit First Nation and other Indigenous community members. In Ottawa, ON, Pimisi Station along Ottawa s new light rail transitway has been designed to incorporate an Algonquin cultural theme, reflecting both the historical and contemporary cultural significance of the Algonquin people. Cochrane, AB, hosts the Cochrane Community Awards, including an Equity and Inclusion Champion Community Award. It has garnered a lot of attention, with all nominees acknowledged at a sold-out awards ceremony. Having community faces and people who can tell a story about the positive impacts they are having in a community often brings a new humanity to situations or issues that can help to dispel myths, assumptions and stereotypes. The City of Winnipeg, MB, developed a Smudging Standard which allows traditional ceremonies such as smudging in City facilities. Indigenous and non-Indigenous staff can thus embed traditional cultural practices in events and meetings, as well as for personal self-care. Spiritual Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Values and Protocols An important consideration in every municipality is the recognition of the traditional territory of Indigenous peoples. Acknowledging Indigenous peoples and territories reaffirms the foundation of reconciliation relationships. Inclusion committees, campaigns and education initiatives can also be an important part of reconciliation efforts by integrating Indigenous values and protocols. The City of Vancouver, BC, uses appropriate protocols that respect the traditions of welcoming, blessings and acknowledgement of the unceded territory of the Musqueam, Squamish, and Tsleil-Waututh. The City of Winnipeg, MB, Citizen Equity Committee published a card acknowledging Treaty 1 Territory, and the traditional lands of the Anishinaabe, Cree and Dakota as well as the sport and cultural events at the invitation of Innu Takuaikan Uashat mak Mani-Utenam. They are also working together to address environmental concerns of both communities. Inclusion committees and campaigns form an important part of reconciliation efforts and can integrate Indigenous values and protocols. The social policy of the Town of Cochrane, AB, established the municipal responsibility of upholding the TRC Calls to Action; it acknowledges the need to redress the legacy of Residential Schools and advance reconciliation, with the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples as a framework. The entire Town of Cochrane Management team is participating in a year-long Indigenous training curriculum to support the Call to Action. The City of Ottawa, ON, has a Reconciliation Action Plan and an Aboriginal Working Committee that strengthen relationships between the City and the Indigenous community. The AWC is a partnership between the Ottawa Aboriginal Coalition, representing Indigenous service providers, the City of Ottawa and other community partners. The AWC has adopted a culturally-centred working model that reflects urban service priorities of the Indigenous community including culture, health, housing, education and employment. In St. Albert, AB, the Community and Social Development Department initiated the It Starts With Me campaign for creating Welcoming and Inclusive Communities. The campaign helped City staff and residents reduce misinformation and dispel myths and stereotypes. Other projects of the municipality include the creation of a Healing Garden, educational programs for schools and the community, museum exhibits, street signs in English and Cree, and interpretive signage in Cree, English and French. Numerous KAIROS Blanket Exercise events have been held for residents, teachers and youth. Emotional Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond24 There are a number of education initiatives supporting reconciliation by municipalities and other organizations. The Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo, AB, has identified 2 TRC Calls to Action for consideration, engaged with Indigenous partners, and hosted TRC engagements with municipal employees and the public. The Municipality offers Aboriginal Awareness and TRC training, which provide information to learn about Indigenous history, colonialism, residential schools and the TRC. The training increases employee knowledge about Indigenous history, intergenerational trauma, continued challenges Indigenous people face, and strategies to move forward in building trust and positive collaborations with local Indigenous communities and governments. In Saskatoon, SK, the Building New Relationships program assists those working with newcomers to become more informed about First Nations peoples and the treaties that form the foundation of the Canadian Constitution. The Office of the Treaty Commissioner developed a two-day train the trainer program to help build relationships with First Nations peoples and learn about their history and traditional culture. The City s I am the Bridge anti-racism public education campaign had citizens share their experiences with racism and ways to eliminate it. This video is showcased on the city website, social media and YouTube in keeping with the City s commitment to respond to the TRC Calls to Action, as well as the Strategic Plan goal to enhance relations with Indigenous organizations through the development of educational opportunities. The City also collaborated with the Saskatchewan Indigenous Cultural Centre and the Office of the Treaty Commissioner to develop the First Edition of ayis nowak: A Communications Guide. The Guide is intended to assist City employees build successful partnerships with First Nations, by providing a basic outline of Indigenous understandings and governance systems. The City of Vancouver, BC, has implemented Cultural Competency workshops and online training modules for all levels of staff in service areas. The training has raised understanding and appreciation of Indigenous history and culture, including the impacts of the Residential School systems and related issues for staff that work and interact with Indigenous clients, co- workers, communities and suppliers. In addition, Vancouver has issued First Peoples: A Guide for Newcomers to offer information about Indigenous peoples in the region. Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Don t give up after the first try building trusting, respectful relationships takes time. Do construct reconciliation initiatives together with Indigenous communities! Knowledge Systems Do educate municipal personnel about the local Indigenous cultures, read the applicable treaties, and watch and read Indigenous news Do discuss similarities and differences together among municipal and Indigenous governance systems Do find points of agreement and build consensus Do take time to read the Truth and Reconciliation Report and its Calls to Action Do consider taking an online course on Indigenous peoples, cultures, history, etc. Don t assume the treaties are ancient history and have no legal authority Action Processes Do attend public events hosted by Indigenous communities and organizations and invite Indigenous peoples to municipal events Do hold regular Council-to-Council and staff- to-staff meetings to set and work on achievable goals, and keep the collaboration moving forward Do share and discuss plans for the future with Indigenous governments and organizations Don t make plans that affect Indigenous communities without involving them from the outset Do s and Don ts Belief Systems Do understand that spiritual practices are part of Indigenous culture and business relationships Do develop partnerships that will be long-term Do imagine possibilities for positive outcomes and keep an open mind Do respect Indigenous spiritual and historical sites Don t assume all Indigenous peoples or nations are the same Values and Protocols Do be respectful in thought and behaviour Do ask Indigenous representatives about appropriate local protocols Do communicate honestly and openly Do be patient and understanding about punctuality Indigenous leaders and communities may take longer to reach decisions or may not be able to attend pre-scheduled meetings owing to other obligations Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Tools and resources Contact the Federation of Canadian Municipalities for helpful tools, including: Pathways to Reconciliation First Nations Municipal Collaboration Programs Stronger Together: A Toolkit for First Nations- Partnerships Service Agreement Toolkit Solid Waste Management Toolkit First Nation-Municipal Land Use Planning Tool Templates for and examples of collaboration agreements and service agreements (i.e. fire, water) Check out what your provincial territorial municipal organization or human rights commission are in this regard. They may have additional resources. Some examples include: The Union of BC Municipalities identifies a host of resources for municipal-Indigenous reconciliation The Alberta Urban Municipal Association offers toolkits, guides and examples The Association of Municipalities of Ontario offers webinars on Indigenous issues Aboriginal Peoples Fact and Fiction, an educational tool designed to promote a better understanding of the realities facing Indigenous peoples Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Featured Municipalities The following section features only some of the many municipalities across Canada that are The City of Winnipeg has taken a unique approach to advancing reconciliation through the creation of an Indigenous Accord that has already been signed by over 80 businesses and organizations. The Accord includes a commitment by signatories to reconvene and report annually on their own reconciliation progress and future goals. The City s Indigenous Relations Division provides key leadership and advice to civic programs, services and initiatives, while advancing work on the TRC s Calls to Action. As such, City employees can now participate in Indigenous training courses as part of reconciliation. Winnipeg s Indigenous Youth Strategy, Oshki Annishinabe Nigaaniwak, is designed to provide Indigenous youth with positive opportunities related to employment, literacy and recreation through culturally-appropriate programs and supports. The IRD partners with other civic departments to develop internships, scholarships, camps and other recreation programs. These and other accomplishments of the IRD can be found in the City s Partner Goals and Progress Report. The City also has an 11-member Citizen Equity Sub-Committee , under the newly established Human Rights Committee of Council , mandated to advise the Mayor and Council on issues of equity and diversity. The CEC developed Winnipeg s Know Your Neighbours Guide and other publications, including an Indigenous Leadership Invitation protocol, approved by Indigenous leaders, to guide City officials on how to effectively and attend events. In that light, Maria Morrison, former Coordinator of the Citizen Equity Committee, is concerned with the toll that reconciliation initiatives can take on Indigenous individuals and communities. While the benefits of non-Indigenous peoples learning about Indigenous cultures enhance social relationships, Indigenous community members have expressed fatigue and emotional stress from repeatedly discussing their colonial oppression experiences or being expected to speak for all Indigenous peoples. Ms. Morrison believes that some of the challenges faced by municipalities in developing and implementing reconciliation initiatives can be mitigated with committed leadership, clear and measurable objectives, and accountability mechanisms. Winnipeg, Manitoba Reconciliation is messy. When you start, it may feel like it is getting worse instead of better. Ripping off the bandage opens ugly wounds. If you can do it, there will still be a scar, but it may not hurt so much anymore. We took the bandage off in Winnipeg. Keep trying! Maria Morrison Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond The City of Whitehorse has been actively advancing relationships with Indigenous peoples for several years. The Moving Forward Together report features municipal and First Nations leadership, and several of the TRC Calls to Action as areas of focus. The City s advisory committee for the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities was established to advise City Council and Administration on ways to eliminate racism and discrimination in the development, implementation and operations of the City s plans, policies, services and facilities. and the City adopted a Declaration of Commitment to further strengthen the relationships among the three governments. The City proclaimed a National Indigenous History Month to honour contributions of The City also includes acknowledgement of First Nation traditional territories in electronic signature blocks; has added Southern Tutchone on welcome and traffic signs; and The City made it mandatory for staff to complete the Yukon First Nations 101 course offered by the Yukon College. So far nearly 200 employees have taken the course. As noted by Jocelyn Curteanu, Whitehorse City Councillor, after having addressed many of the TRC Calls to Action for municipalities, the City has shifted focus to relationship-building and ongoing respectful communication and partnerships. The Mayor and Council hold regular intergovernmental meetings with each First Nation to keep the lines of communication open and discuss mutual concerns and initiatives. Councillor Curteanu believes that reconciliation is a journey that starts with an honest acknowledgement of our history, a sincere desire to do better, building trust, and finding common ground to collaborate. by 177 since the early 2000s. An inhabited and gathering place for First Nations for thousands of years and currently home to the largest Inuit process of reconciliation as part of a government-to- government dialogue and co-construction with the Indigenous community. on National Indigenous Peoples Day in 2016. In 2017, to honour its history and 375th anniversary, while beginning a new chapter in the city s relationship with Indigenous peoples and governments, the Assembly of First Nations Quebec-Labrador in partnership with the City, DestiNATIONS and the Canadian Commission for UNESCO hosted an event celebrating the 10th anniversary of UNDRIP. This included hoisting the new city flag that now incorporates a white pine tree, the Great Tree of Peace from the Haudenosaunee culture. Whitehorse, Yukon Montr al, Quebec Commitment and patience are key. We must remain flexible and work to accommodate Indigenous peoples needs. Jocelyn Curteanu, Councillor Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach29 and Municipalities Summit on Reconciliation, bringing together mayors and First Nations chiefs from across Quebec. There was a lot of talk about concrete actions versus symbols, like naming parks, restoring truth, restoring different versions of history. And for me, the two work in concert with one another. Parent to the Executive Committee, with special responsibility for culture and reconciliation. The first appointee to the position, Ms. Parent is of Mi kmaq and Acadian heritage and is the first Indigenous The City also hired a Commissioner of Indigenous Her role includes strategy, developing awareness training for City staff and officials and advising the Mayor and Council about reconciliation and the implementation of UNDRIP. Importantly, this position came with a budget for training and supporting the Commissioner s mandate. Ms. Bordeleau works with local Indigenous communities and organizations to define reconciliation priorities together and develop solutions for their success. She recommends communities meet at the government-to-government level, taking time to understand each other s needs, vision and expectations. She suggests that if issues are beyond the capacity of the municipality, working with additional levels of government may help develop interconnected solutions. Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond The City of Val-d Or has taken steps to address local racism and discrimination against Indigenous peoples. In 2015, it signed a cooperation agreement with surrounding Anicinabe communities and the Grand Council of the Crees. In 2016, the City created the Committee against Racism and Discrimination, which produced an overview of racism in Val-d Or ( Aper u The same year, Val-d Or adopted UNDRIP. The City has participated in meetings of Quebec municipalities and Native Friendship Centres each year since 2016. In 2018 they joined the Coalition of Inclusive Municipalities of the Canadian Commission for UNESCO and adopted an action plan on racism, with input from Indigenous communities. Val-d Or received the 2 Collective Intelligence Award award from the municipal healthcare network, the R seau This award acknowledged the efforts of the City to respond quickly to complaints by local Indigenous peoples about racism. City to share their experience with others. Val-d Or has adopted an unequivocal and firm political commitment to engagement with the Indigenous population, assigned a municipal employee to the reconciliation portfolio, pooled the efforts of community stakeholders, and promoted ongoing communication. Results include restored trust, new connections, and a general change of attitude in the population. These efforts have attracted outside attention and provided leadership for others. Val-d Or, Quebec Val-d Or has adopted four paramount values: perseverance, patience, humility and ambition. It means persevering even in the face of adversity and uncertainty, allowing time for things to fall into place, acknowledging our mistakes and inexperience, and lastly, not being afraid to dream or think big and then deploy the energies needed to turn dreams into reality. Paul-Antoine Martel, City of Val-d Or Liaison Officer Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach31 Reconciliation must support Aboriginal peoples as they heal from the destructive legacies of colonization that have wreaked such havoc in their lives. But it must do even more. Reconciliation must inspire Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal peoples to transform Canadian society so that our children and grandchildren can live together in dignity, peace, and prosperity on these lands we now share 15. Truth and Reconcilation Commission of Canada Conclusion Transformation of social structures will take time and involve many different approaches. Indigenous communities make up less than 5 of the population of Canada, yet their involvement in reconciliation efforts by municipalities is crucial. Building new relationships is the work that lies ahead. Reconciliation will require open hearts and open minds, and a willingness to look at the world in a way that is more alert to, and respectful of, Indigenous peoples, and their rights and interests. It means honouring treaties and other commitments; it means acknowledging past harms and making a commitment to healing; it means changing the way we interact and the way we think about each other. Communities will benefit from courage, forgiveness, leadership and dedication. How will your community embrace reconciliation? Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond32 1. Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada . What We Have Learned: Principles of Truth and Reconciliation. Accessed February 1, 2019: . 2. Truth and Reconcilation Commission of Canada . Honouring the Truth, Reconciling for the Future: Summary of the Final report of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada. Accessed February 1, 2019: . 3. Ibid, . 4. Ibid, p. vi. 5. Statistics Canada . Aboriginal Peoples in Canada: Key Results from the 2 Census. Accessed February 1, 2019: 6. Indigenous Corporate Training Inc. . Myth 1: Status Indians exempt from federal or provincial taxes. Accessed February 1, 2019: provincial-taxes-2. 7. Statistics Canada . Aboriginal Peoples in Canada: Key Results from the 2 Census. Accessed February 1, 2019: 8. Marsden, D. . Gladu and Little: Business leaders urged to step up for Indigenous entrepreneurs . Accessed February 1, 2019: urged-to-step-up-for-indigenous-entrepreneurs. 9. Key cases include Calder v. British Columbia S.C.R. 313, R. v. Sparrow, 1 S.C.R. 1075, Delgamuukw v. British Columbia 3 S.C.R. 1010, Tsilhqot in Nation v. British Columbia 2 SCR 257. 10. Stanton, K. . Canada s Truth and Reconciliation Commission: Settling the past? , The International Indigenous Policy Journal, 2, (3), . 11. Federation of Canadian Municipalities . Pathways to Reconciliation. Accessed February 1, 2019: 12. Federation of Canadian Municipalities . First Nations Municipal Collaboration. Accessed February 1, 2019: programs.htm. 13. City of Winnipeg, Winnipeg s Indigenous Accord Partner Information Guide, indigenous pdfs PartnerGuideACCORD.pdf, . 14. City of Winnipeg, Winnipeg s Indigenous Accord: Partner Information Guide, indigenous pdfs PartnerGuideACCORD.pdf, . 15. Truth and Reconcilation Commission of Canada . Honouring the Truth, Reconciling for the Future: Summary of the Final Report of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada. Accessed February 1, 2019: . Endnotes Reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples: A Holistic Approach Toolkit for Inclusive Municipalities in Canada and Beyond Design: oblik.ca","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\",\"\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-06T12:12:53.202Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:26.946Z"},{"id":136,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 8 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 8 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 8 - Mar 7-13/Module/CPPA122, Module 8 - Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":611071,"folder":"week-8-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Local government varies significantly in form and function across the country provinces have different legislation that defines municipalities and there is variation within provinces based primarily on size. There are different types of governance structures and roles and responsibilities. There are also significant variations in how local government is financed and where and on what they spend their money; therefore, it can be difficult to compare finances among municipalities in Canada because of the different provincially assigned roles and responsibilities, different cost-sharing arrangements, and different types and levels of local services. Municipal finance is a complex topic. This module is organized to give you an understanding of municipal budgeting and municipal revenues and expenditures, and then to give you a chance to try your hand at balancing the budget in a challenging municipal environment. The module ends with a discussion of key fiscal challenges facing municipalities. One-third of Ontario residents surveyed said that municipal governments get between 10 and 19 of all taxes collected in Canada (Nanos, 2018, 2). But the correct answer to the question is that municipalities get 9 cents from every tax dollar paid in Ontario; 44 cents goes to the provinces; and 47 cents goes to the federal government (Johal, Alwani, Thirgood and Spiro, 2019, 15). Many people feel that this isn t enough. Sixty percent of Ontarians surveyed said that municipal governments should get more of the total taxes collected by all levels of government. (Nanos, 2018, 2) Topics and Learning Objectives Topics Municipal budgets Revenues Expenditures Capital budgets Balancing the budget case study Need for change Learning Objectives : What portion of the total household tax dollars collected in Ontario goes to By the end of this module, you should be able to: Explain the importance of the municipal budget and budget process Describe the main types of municipal operating expenditures Identify the main sources of municipal revenue for operating and capital budgets Explain the challenge of balancing a municipal budget Assess issues associated with key municipal revenue sources and expenditures Identify pressures on municipal finances and options for change Readings Reading Please Note: You can access all non-textbook readings through the One-Stop Course Readings in the Table of Contents in your D2L Brightspace course. Required 1. Taylor, Z. and Dobson, A. . Power and purpose: Canadian municipal law in transition. Chapter 5, Finance, 53. 2. David Miller. . Participant in IMG at 20. Video. Watch from to . Note that Miller is contributing to a celebration of the work of the Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance at the beginning and the end of his remarks please be patient for a minute until he focuses on governance and finance. 3. Please also review pp 97 101 in Spicer, Z. Local government and politics in Ontario, Chapter 6. In The Politics of Ontario. Collier, C.N. and Malloy, J. . Toronto: University of Toronto Press. Note: you read this in Week 6. 4. Slack, E. . Reflections on municipal finance over two decades and thoughts for the future. IMFG 20. Supplementary Kitchen, H., and Slack, E. . More tax sources for Canada s largest cities: Why, what, and how? (Good summary chart on page 27.) Rider, D. (2018, February 17). Municipal sales tax remains cities elusive funding solution. The Toronto Star. What Is a Budget? A budget is an estimate of revenues and expenditures for a particular period, usually 12 months. But municipal budgets are more than that. Budgets are the most important policy document of all levels of government, including local government they set out governments priorities and intentions for the coming year(s). Municipal budgets are part of a planning and management process. They follow from a strategic vision or set of priorities and reflect the short-term goals established by the local council. They link to an accountability, performance, and reporting process on how resources are used and the associated results and outcomes achieved. Budgets are also a key financial management tool of government they identify proposed expenditures, and they allow for monitoring, accountability, and control of how money was spent and where. Budgets directly affect the tax rate and set out charges such as user fees. There are two types of municipal budgets the operating budget and the capital budget. An operating budget reflects the costs and revenues associated with the ongoing, regular operations of the municipal services, programs, administration, and governance processes. Operating budgets must be balanced with expenditures balanced by offsetting revenues because provincial legislation prohibits municipalities from having an operating budget deficit. The capital budget is for large cost items associated with the development of new municipal infrastructure and assets or the replacement of existing ones. These include buildings, roads, vehicles, flood control infrastructure, and major computer systems. These items may be financed through loans, grants from other levels of government, or reserves that municipalities have accumulated over the years for those purposes. The costs of these items are typically amortized, or spread out over a number of years. Some municipalities also have rate supported programs like water or waste management that are separate from the operating and capital budget. The operational and capital needs of these programs are entirely funded by user charges or rates. budget. Most municipalities have a standard budget process that includes: Council-approved guidelines for staff regarding the upcoming budget Internal staff process to develop a draft budget Budget committee a committee of councillors who guide and review the development of the budget Council s final approval of the budget While this looks like a clear and tight process, the reality is anything but! Budget processes in large municipalities can take months, often starting in the fall and continuing into the following year. They are complex processes of estimating, forecasting, planning, balancing, and negotiating among many competing and compelling interests. Residents, community groups, civil society organizations, and businesses can have input on a municipal budget. Often municipalities hold special budget consultations, which provide information on the budget and offer opportunities for community members to ask questions and provide feedback. Community members can also make deputations to committees of council and or the budget committee and can send written feedback to their councillor or to one of the relevant committees. addition to written input. Here are two examples of these deputations: Business as Usual Is Not Enough, the speaking notes for a deputation from Jasmine Ramze Rezaee, Manager of Advocacy of the YWCA Toronto Toronto Budget Committee Deputation, January 2020 , a deputation from Sonya Yalda from the Toronto Youth Cabinet regarding funding for the TTC You are encouraged to look at the budget documentation for your local municipality. Most municipalities encourage public engagement and input, and budget material is often available in clear and plain language. Others have the treasurer s report, or a report from a budget committee, which sets out the various challenges and tradeoffs addressed in the budget. The City of Toronto, and other municipalities, make budget notes and other materials available to community members for service and program areas for example, here is one for Toronto Children s Services for 2020. Local social planning groups, boards of trade business associations, and residents associations are some of the groups that pay particular attention to municipal budget processes. You might also look at the websites of some these groups in your municipality to see their coverage and analysis of the most Other Approaches to Municipal Budgeting The typical approach to budgeting is one where the municipality, with opportunities for some public input, develops the budget, which then moves through the political approval process. Once approved, the budget is administered by staff. Many municipalities are opening up their budget processes to greater levels of engagement. Calgary has a process that includes surveys and questionnaires to rate city services, and then a vote on priorities. The city also has an app to inform residents about the budget and budget process and to support online discussion. Some municipalities are going further and trying a different approach to budgeting that features greater engagement in determining the municipal priorities and shaping how the money is spent. Participatory budgeting is different from regular budgeting because it gives community members the power to shape priorities and decide how some of the money is used. Participatory budgeting was first used in Porto Alegre, Brazil in the late 1980s. This city faced many challenges, including poor infrastructure, poverty, corruption, and limited engagement in local issues. Porto Alegre introduced a process where residents worked together to identify local needs and agree on the priorities, which then became part of the municipal budget. As a result of the process, municipal spending priorities changed, engagement increased, and corruption was reduced because there was greater awareness and accountability for how the money would be used. In addition, a World Bank review found that Porto Alegre had a 20 increase in sewer and water connections and a quadrupling of schools; the UN-Habitat declared participatory budgeting a best practice (as reported in Flynn, 2016). Since the successful Porto Alegre experience, municipalities in Canada and the U.S. have introduced participatory budgeting. Toronto Community Housing, one of the first public sector organizations in Canada to use participatory budgeting in 2001, now allocates funds in both its capital and operating budget for residents to administer. Since 2005, the City of Guelph grants an amount from the municipal budget to a local organization in support of a resident-led process to determine how the money will be spent. A City of Toronto pilot project in three wards between 2015 and 2017 demonstrated interest in greater levels of engagement in local budgeting and improvements but found that the process required high levels of support and resulted in frustration among residents when there weren t enough resources to meet all the community needs (City of Toronto, 2019). There are three main sources of revenue for operating budgets of municipalities in Canada: Property taxes accounted for an average of 48 of municipal revenues in Canada in 2016 (Johal, 2019, 4). In comparison, property taxes represented 32 of operating revenues in the City of : Property taxes Toronto in 2018 (City of Toronto, 2019, 39). Transfers, grants, and subsidies accounted for an average of 19 of municipal revenues in Canada in 2016 (Johal, 2019, 4). In comparison, transfers and grants represented 18 of operating revenues in the City of Toronto in 2018 . Other municipal revenues, including user fees, account for an average of 30 of municipal revenues in Canada in 2016 (a final 3 came from interest and transfers) (Johal, 2019, 4). In comparison, user fees represented 28 of operating revenues; other revenues, including other taxes, fines, permits, and fees were a further 13 in Toronto in 2018 . Municipalities can t just decide to impose a new tax or fee if they need more money. They must receive permission, through provincial legislation, to introduce the tax or fee. The table below shows the sources of municipal revenue, including property taxes and other own source revenues that are permitted in each province. It is important to note that municipalities currently use many but not all of them. For example, Toronto does not have a vehicle registration tax it was introduced in 2008 and eliminated in 2011 although the city has the authority to reintroduce one in the future without provincial permission. Source Tax on real property Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes User fees Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes License, franchise, permit fees Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Fines and penalties Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Business tax Yes Yes Yes Yes Accommodation levies and fees Yes Yes Hali- fax Yes St. John s : Transfers, grants, and subsidies from another level of government : Other municipal revenues, including user fees, fines, permits, or other taxes Source Land transfer tax Yes Tor- onto Yes Yes Vehicle registration tax Tor- onto Billboard tax Winn- ipeg Tor- onto Electricity and natural gas consumption Winn- ipeg Poll tax Yes Source: Taylor and Dobson, 2020, 45 46. Municipal revenues can be fixed, where municipalities have little or no control of the revenue, such as grants or transfers from another level of government. Revenues can be variable, such as user fees, property taxes, and licenses, where the level of revenue varies based on the environment, the economic climate, or locally determined policy. Assessing Revenue Services What Is a Good Source of Revenue? Good sources of revenue are equitable, efficient, reliable, stable, and predictable. We need to ask the following questions: Is the revenue source fair and equitable? Equity can be assessed two ways: we can consider horizontal equity, whether people or households with similar income levels or situations are treated the same way, and vertical equity, where we assess whether all people or households are treated the same way and the impact of the revenue tool is equitable across the full population. Is the revenue source efficient? Is the revenue source internally efficient to delivery and administer, i.e., it doesn t cost more to administer than the revenue it generates. Is the revenue source externally efficient, with no negative impact on the economy or the community, i.e., it doesn t result in shifts in spending or activity that have negative implications for the community or for the anticipated revenue. : How do we assess the different revenue sources? Is the revenue source matched to the spending? The benefit principle stresses the importance of linking the type of revenue source to the type of spending (Kitchen and Slack, 206). Is the revenue source reliable, stable, and predictable? Is the revenue source visible, transparent, and accountable to the people who pay the tax? Let s look at two recent new taxes introduced in the City of Toronto to assess whether they are good Land Transfer Tax The municipal land transfer tax was introduced in 2008 in Toronto. It applies to buyers of property in Toronto and is calculated on a five-point sliding scale, based on the sale value of the property. In 2018, the tax brought in 730 million (a reduction from the 805 the previous year) or 5.3 of the 2018 operating budget (City of Toronto, 2019, 40). The tax is in addition to a pre-existing provincial land transfer tax. The answer is: not really. The tax on the transfer of land, based on a home sale, has no relationship to the benefits received from the tax the purchaser does not receive services because the revenues go into the general municipal revenues. The tax applies only to those purchasing property; those who remain in their homes or who rent don t pay the tax. The tax is not stable there is no way of predicting the number of homes that will be sold or the tax revenues associated with the sale values of the properties. In addition, the land transfer tax may introduce an incentive for homeowners not to move, which would have implications for the economy, impacting real estate agents, lawyers, movers, home renovators, etc. It is somewhat progressive with five rates of taxation based on a property s market value. Vehicle Registration Tax The 60 year vehicle registration tax was introduced by the City of Toronto in 2008. The goal was ultimately to direct the funds to car-related city services . It was estimated that the tax, which was to be phased in, would bring in 50 60 million per year. The tax was eliminated in 2011. The vehicle registration tax was fairly predictable and stable. The tax connected with driving a car and use of municipal transportation infrastructure and was intended to be used to support car- related services. At 60, it would not have an impact on vehicle ownership and it was priced at half : Is the land transfer tax a good revenue source? : Was the vehicle registration tax a good tax? the pre-existing provincial vehicle registration fee. The tax may have increased the incentive for car owners to use transit, but the tax wasn t onerous and any incentive would be limited. The vehicle registration tax was a flat fee that didn t take income into account, although it may have had a greater impact on wealthier households with more than one car. It was easy to collect. Before we look deeper at the three main sources of municipal revenue, let s review two terms that are used frequently in tax policy discussions. 1. Progressive taxation is when the rate of taxation rises with the ability to pay (usually income) a higher income person would pay a higher tax rate than the rate levied on a lower income person. 2. Regressive taxation is when the rate of taxation or the amount of tax remains constant regardless of the ability to pay, with the result that a higher income person will pay a lower portion of their income in tax than a lower income person. As you move through the discussion of the three revenue sources, consider whether they are progressive or regressive. Property Tax From their early beginnings to the present day, municipalities have raised most of their revenue through the property tax. The property tax is a tax on real estate, including land and building structures. Originally, funds raised from property taxes were used to pay for local property-related services, such as roads, fire services, and municipal infrastructure. However, over time, as municipalities assumed greater responsibilities, the taxes are now used to support property- and non-property-related services. Property taxes vary depending on whether the property is residential, commercial, industrial, or agricultural. Did You Know? Canada is an outlier among advanced economies in its reliance on property taxes to fund local governments. In 2017, local property tax revenues accounted for 3.2 percent of GDP in Canada, one of only two Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development member nations with a share above 3.0 percent (Johal, 2019, 5). Property taxes are paid by property owners, including those who own condominiums. Tenants also pay property taxes as part of their rent, but it isn t clearly distinguished and the bill doesn t go directly to them, with the result that they often don t know that they also contribute property taxes. The result is that home and condo owners are generally more interested in and knowledgeable about property tax and municipal issues and have a higher voter turnout in municipal elections than tenants. Property taxes are the largest source of own source revenue for local governments. Their importance in terms of total municipal revenues varies with the level of provincial support for municipalities. Largely, revenue from property taxes must make up the difference between provincial (and federal) grants and transfers and the cost of municipal services and programs. Some go so far as to suggest that the municipal tax rates reflect provincial policy and support for municipalities. How Are Property Taxes Calculated? Property taxes are based on the assessed value of property plus improvements. The responsibility for assessing the value of properties varies province to province. Assessment is a provincial responsibility in Ontario, delegated to a provincial special purpose body, the Municipal Property Assessment Corporation . Every proper
Apr 06 08:15:12 raspberrypi node[7671]: unicipal finances? Why? In your opinion, what needs to be done to better position municipalities for a fiscally sustainable and stable future? What two or three changes would you make and why? Please see the Week 8 discussion topic in your D2L course for further instructions. Note: You can access the Discussion Forums and Topics from the Communications menu in your D2L course. Please make sure that your participation in all discussion forums adheres to the Toronto Metropolitan University online etiquette guidelines listed in the Course Outline. There is no assignment due this week. CBC. (2010, May 10). Highlights of the Walkerton inquiry report. (2014, March 4). Springhill to dissolve as town due to economic pressures.Nova Scotia. 2559 City of Toronto. . 2 City of Toronto annual financial report PDF . (2019, January 31). Toronto s participatory budgeting pilot evaluation PDF . Submission to Budget Committee from the City Manager. (2019, November 4). The future ain t what it used to be: The 8th annual IMFG Toronto City Manager s address PDF . City of Toronto. Presentation at the Institute for Municipal Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs. 2 Issue Briefing: The city s operating revenue base. andtext As 20of 20September 202018 2C 20resale,the 20same 20period 20last 20year Fanelli, C. . Under pressure: How public policy is constraining Ontario municipalities PDF . Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives. pdf Federation of Canadian Municipalities. (2019, Spring). Everything is local, the role of municipalities in Canadians lives and opinions about new funding tools PDF . Federation of Canadian Municipalities and Abacus Data. pdf Federation of Canadian Municipalities . Infrastructure. (2019, May 1). Paterson joins other mayors to call out provincial cuts. The Kingston Whig Standard. (2016, February). Participatory budgeting not a one-size-fits-all approach. Public Sector Digest. (2019, September). The case for growing the Gas Tax Fund. finance in Canada PDF . Federation of Canadian Municipalities . , Alwani, K., Thirgood, J. and Spiro, P. (2019, April 2). Rethinking municipal finance for the new economy PDF . Mowat Centre. pdf Kitchen, H. and Slack, E. . More tax sources for Canada s largest cities : Why, what, and how? PDF . and Governance, University of Toronto. pdf Lewington, J. (2008, September 1). New Toronto tax on cars, motorbikes rolls out. The Globe and Mail. (2013, January). Canada s infrastructure gap: Where it came from and why it will cost so much to close PDF . Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives. pdf MileIQ. (2020, June 24). How to calculate commercial property tax. Mintz, J. M. (2006, February 1). Running on empty: A proposal to improve city finances. C.D. Howe Institute. (2018, July). A majority of Ontarians feel municipal governments should receive a greater share of taxes; feel infrastructure and transportation are the biggest problem facing their municipality. Ontario Survey Summary. Association of Municipalities of Ontario . Palameta, B. and Macredie, I. . Property taxes relative to income PDF . Statistics Canada, Perspectives. Catalogue -001-XIE. Retreived from 001-x 10305 7796-eng.pdf?st 4zhI1wwb Slack, E. . Financing local governments in the 21st century: Going back to first principles. Presentation to Local Government New South Wales Finance Summit, August 27 28, 2015, Sydney Australia. (2017, September 13). Non-tax revenues in municipal government in Canada PDF . Presentation to the delegation from the People s Republic of China. Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. T. and Conger, B.W. (2015, November). An exploration into the municipal capacity to finance capital infrastructure PDF . SPP Research Papers, 8(38). The School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. pdf Taylor, Z. and Dobson, A. . Power and purpose: Canadian municipal law in transition PDF . IFMG Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy. University of Toronto. pdf Werner, K. (2020, January 30). Ontario s public health cuts mean higher taxes for Hamiltonians. Stoney Creek News.","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:40:31.542Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:28.939Z"},{"id":137,"originalName":"CherylN.CollierJonat_2024_ThePoliticsofOntarioSecondEdition.pdf","displayName":"CherylN.CollierJonat_2024_ThePoliticsofOntarioSecondEdition.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 8 - Mar 7-13/Reading/CherylN.CollierJonat_2024_ThePoliticsofOntarioSecondEdition.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":7520151,"folder":"week-8-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:31.473Z"},{"id":138,"originalName":"IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf","displayName":"IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 8 - Mar 7-13/Reading/IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":1177012,"folder":"week-8-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":123,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Power and Purpose: in Transition IMFG P M F G N . Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson Power and Purpose: in Transition By Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy University of Toronto 1 Devonshire Place Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5S 3K7 e-mail contact: Series editors: Tomas Hachard and Philippa Campsie Copyright held by authors About the Urban Project The Urban Project is an initiative led by the Federation of Canadian Municipalities that brings city leaders together with other levels of government, academia, civil society, and the private sector to identify actionable and scalable solutions to the biggest challenges facing Canada s cities. With generous support from Maytree, Metcalf Foundation, McConnell Foundation, and TD Bank Group, IMFG has commissioned a series of papers focused on municipal legislative and fiscal autonomy, governance, and intergovernmental relations, drawing on discussions convened by the Urban Project. About IMFG The Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance is an academic research hub and non-partisan think tank based in the Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy at the University of Toronto. IMFG focuses on the fiscal health and governance challenges facing large cities and city- regions. Its objective is to spark and inform public debate, and to engage the academic and policy communities around important issues of municipal finance and governance. The Institute conducts original research on issues facing cities in Canada and around the world; promotes high-level discussion among Canada s government, academic, corporate, and community leaders through conferences and roundtables; and supports graduate and post- graduate students to build Canada s cadre of municipal finance and governance experts. It is the only institute in Canada that focuses solely on municipal finance issues in large cities and city-regions. IMFG is funded by the Province of Ontario, the City of Toronto, the Regional Municipality of York, the Regional Municipality of Halton, Avana Capital Corporation, and Maytree. Authors Dr. Zack Taylor is Assistant Professor of Political Science and Director of the Centre for Urban Policy and Local Governance at Western University. He is a Fellow at the Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance in the Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy at the University of Toronto and non-practising Registered Professional Planner. Alec Dobson is formerly a practising lawyer who is now pursuing a Master of Political Science degree at Western University. The authors are grateful for comments from Nevena Dragicevic, Gabriel Eidelman, St phane Disclaimer This paper is not intended to provide legal advice. Legislation and regulations are constantly changing. Discussion of legal documents should be checked against official sources before they are used for professional or other purposes. The paper reflects only the views of the authors. Power and Purpose: in Transition Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson Abstract This overview of municipal law in Canada s 10 provinces identifies similarities and variations among and within provinces in the articulation of municipal purposes and the provincial-municipal relationship, municipal powers and jurisdiction, the organization of municipal institutions, and finance. The paper also comments on asymmetrical arrangements for large cities, commonly referred to as city charters. Far from being static, Canadian municipal law is in a period of transition. The legal scope of municipal authority has expanded over the past 25 years as most provinces have revised their general municipal acts and adopted special laws for major cities. While the overall trend has been toward more permissive authority and the recognition of municipalities as democratic, accountable, and responsible governments, there are significant variations across the provinces, and some have gone further than others in expanding the legal authority of municipalities. We conclude that the practical potential of this wave of legislative reform remains unknown and perhaps unrealized, and requires further research. intergovernmental relations JEL codes: H11, H Table of Contents About the Urban Project v About IMFG v Authors vi Acknowledgements vi Disclaimer vi Abstract 1 Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition 5 1 Introduction 5 1 1 The provincial-municipal relationship: An enduring tension 5 1 2 What is municipal law? 8 1 3 Objectives, scope, and limitations 9 1 4 Outline of the paper 10 2. Defining the Provincial-Municipal Relationship 11 2 1 Statements of purpose 12 2 2 Duty to consult 13 2 3 Summary 14 3 Powers and Jurisdiction 15 3 1 Grant of authority 15 3 1 1 General welfare power 15 3 1 2 Express powers 16 3 1 3 Spheres of jurisdiction 16 3 1 4 Judicial interpretation 19 3 2 Natural person power 20 3 2 1 Uneven extension and limitations 20 3 2 2 Judicial interpretation 21 3 3 Expropriation of property 22 3 3 1 Economic development purposes 23 3 3 2 Ministerial approval 23 3 3 3 Process requirements 23 3 3 4 Judicial interpretation 24 3 4 Asserting the provincial interest 24 3 5 Summary 25 4 Institutions 25 4 1 Provincial oversight of municipal boundary changes 25 4 1 1 Initiation 29 4 1 2 Approval 30 4 2 Power to reorganize representative institutions 31 4 2 1 Head of council: Selection, authority, and duties 32 4 2 2 Establishing and altering wards and ward boundaries 35 4 2 3 Establishing council committees and community councils 38 4 3 Power to determine modes of service delivery 38 4 3 1 Power to create corporations 39 4 4 Ethics, accountability, and transparency 40 4 4 1 Code of conduct for councillors 42 4 4 2 Integrity commissioner 42 4 4 3 Ombudsperson 43 4 5 Protection of councillors from liability 43 4 6 Summary 44 5 Finance 45 5 1 Revenues for operating purposes 45 5.1.1 Property taxes, fees, and fines 45 5 1 2 Business occupancy taxes 47 5 1 3 Other taxes and fees 48 5 2 Revenues for capital purposes 48 5 2 1 Special assessments and local improvement districts 49 5 2 2 Borrowing 50 5 2 3 Development charges, levies, and impact fees 51 5 2 4 Density bonusing 52 5.2.5 Tax increment financing 52 5 3 Summary 52 6. Asymmetrical Arrangements 53 6 1 Detachment 55 6 1 1 The Vancouver Charter, 1953 55 6 1 2 The City of Toronto Act, 2006 56 6 1 3 The City of Winnipeg Charter Act, 2002 57 6 2 Layering 58 6 2 2 Calgary and Edmonton 58 6 3 Summary 59 7 Conclusion 61 7 1 Trends 61 7.2 Observations 63 7.3 Suggestions for further research 64 8. 65 8.1 Documentary sources 65 8.2 Case references 6 List of tables Table 1.1: Significant changes to municipal legislation since the mid- 1990s, including selected additions 6 Table 2.1: Defining the provincial-municipal relationship 1 Table 3 1: Grant of authority 1 Table 3 2: Summary of spheres of jurisdiction in general municipal legislation 1 Table 3 3: Natural person power 2 Table 3 4: Expropriation of property 2 Table 4 1: Boundary change procedures 2 Table 4 2: How municipal heads of council are selected 3 Table 4 3: Authority and duties of the head of council 3 Table 4 4: Municipality s power to organize council without provincial approval 3 Table 4 5: Power to create corporations 3 Table 4 6: Ethical oversight and councillors protection 4 Table 5 1: Sources of revenue enabled for operating purposes in provincial law 4 Table 5 2: Sources of revenue for capital expenditures 4 Table 5 3: Limitations on borrowing 5 List of boxes Box 1 1: General and Special Legislation: A Key Distinction 9 Box 4 1: Home Rule: An American Doctrine 3 Box 5 1: Operating versus Capital Budgets 4 Box 6 1: Natural Person Power in City Charters 5 Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 5 - Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition 1. 1.1 The provincial-municipal relationship: An enduring tension It is frequently said that Canadian municipalities are creatures of the provinces. This is a constitutional fact, identical to American and Australian local governments relationship to their states, and British local authorities relationship to Parliament. In Anglo-American democracies, general-purpose municipalities are public corporations that derive their existence entirely from enactments of sovereign legislatures and exercise only the authority that is delegated to them by law. In the words of former Chief Justice McLachlin in Catalyst Paper Corp. v North Cowichan : Municipalities do not have direct powers under the Constitution. They possess only those powers that provincial legislatures delegate to them. This means that they must act within the legislative constraints the province has imposed on them. If they do not, their decisions or bylaws may be set aside on judicial review ( 1 SCR 5, at para. 11).1 Despite this narrow legal construction of local governments in Canada and elsewhere as corporations, municipalities are also understood to embody a second purpose: as accountable, democratic governing authorities representing localities. Local politicians and community leaders routinely demand greater legal autonomy and fiscal resources and condemn unilateral provincial actions in the local government sphere, arguing that the governments that are closest to local communities are the most sensitive to their needs and will make the best decisions for them. This tension between the central and the local has always been present, and always will be. Since before Confederation, the relationship between provincial and local government has shifted as public expectations of local government, and also the policy needs of an increasingly urban population, have changed. Three distinct trends are evident since the Second World War, and especially since the late 1990s. The first is local empowerment: provinces have generally expanded the scope of authority delegated to local governments, sometimes by adding specific areas of jurisdiction to municipalities express powers. A few have also 1. See also Greenbaum v Toronto, 1 S.C.R. 674, in which the Supreme Court of Canada declared: municipalities are entirely the creatures of provincial statutes. Accordingly, they can exercise only those powers which are explicitly conferred upon them by a provincial statute. See also Ontario Public School Boards Assn. v Ontario (Attorney General), , 1 DLR (4th) 346, in which the Ontario Supreme Court stated: Municipal governments and special purpose municipal institutions such as school boards are creatures of the provincial government. Subject to the constitutional limits in s. 93 of the Constitution Act, 1867, these institutions have no constitutional status or independent autonomy and the province has absolute and unfettered legal power to do with them as it wills. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 6 - granted municipalities a broader, but still limited, general authority to accomplish locally determined ends and several have established separate legal or regulatory frameworks for large cities, sometimes known as city charters. Table 1.1 summarizes major changes to general municipal law and city charters. The chronology suggests that reform originated in Western Canada first before diffusing to Ontario, Quebec, and then to some of the Atlantic provinces. Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador are conspicuous for not following their peers. In addition, several provinces have restructured local government institutions including altering their boundaries to increase the municipal system s fiscal and administrative capacity to make and implement policies and deliver services. Table 1.1: Significant changes to municipal legislation since the mid-1990s, including selected additions Added Year Prov. Statute Natural person power Spheres State- ment of purpose 1 AB Municipal Government Act (Bill 31, comprehensive revision) 1 MB Municipal Act, 1996 (replaced Municipal Act, 1988) 1997 BC Municipal Act amended several times, ultimately renamed the Local Government Act, 2000 prehensive revision) 2 SK Cities Act (Bill 75, comprehen- sive revision replacing Urban Municipality Act, 1984) 2 MB City of Winnipeg Charter Act (Bill 39, replaced City of Winni- peg Act, 1972) 2 BC Community Charter (Bill 14, replaced certain aspects of the Local Government Act; pertains to municipalities only, not regional districts, and not to the City of Vancouver) 2 SK Municipalities Act (Bill 106, amendments to mirror Cities Act, 2002) Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 7 - Table 1.1, continued Added Year Prov. Statute Natural person power Spheres State- ment of purpose 2 ON City of Toronto Act (Bill 53, detached City from general Municipal Act) 130, brought many general line with the City of Toronto Act, 2006) 2 SK Northern Municipalities Act (Bill 110, amendments to mirror Cities Act, 2002, and Municipal- ities Act, 2005) 2 QC An Act mainly to recognize that municipalities are local gov- ernments and to increase their autonomy and powers (Bill 122, an omnibus bill that gave mu- nicipalities additional specific powers) 2 NB Local Governance Act (Bill 44, replaced Municipalities Act, 1973) 2 PE Municipal Government Act (Bill 58, replaced Municipalities Act, 1988, Charlottetown Area Municipalities Act, 1988, City of Summerside Act, 1988) 2 AB City charter regulations for Calgary and Edmonton established that modify the The second trend is provincial policy centralization (Tindal . 2013, 186 189; Feldman 1974; Taylor 2019, 71 77). Provinces use legal mandates and conditional grants to direct or steer local priorities, particularly in housing, social policy, and land-use planning, either to provide a minimum level and consistent standard of service across the greater jurisdiction or to coordinate the policies of proximate local Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 8 - governments. At the same time, provinces make decisions that profoundly affect local government decision-making, including the financing, planning, and operation of large-scale infrastructure systems and facilities, such as highways and transit lines, trunk water and sewer systems, electricity production and distribution systems, and facilities such as hospitals and courthouses. On the face of it, local empowerment and provincial policy centralization embody contradictory impulses. Local governments have more authority and the capacity to exercise it than ever before, yet unilateral provincial government intervention in municipal affairs sometimes strategic, sometimes arbitrary continues. In certain domains, municipalities are policy takers, functioning as the field offices of provincial ministries; in others, they are policy makers, devising innovative solutions to local problems. Canadian governance is a web of federal, provincial, local, and Indigenous governments, agencies, and other public bodies whose authority, resources, and capacities are interwoven in complex ways. Provincial intervention and municipal autonomy inevitably coexist. Nevertheless, the question of whether the configuration of the provincial-municipal relationship reflects contemporary values and meets current needs is perennial. This paper informs this discussion by providing a comparative survey of the provincial statutory frameworks that govern municipalities. While we do not systematically review case law in this paper, the third trend is the expansion of judicial deference to local legislation. Since the 1990s, the Supreme Court of Canada has tended to interpret municipal action more generously, although it has not read a protected sphere of local self-governance into the constitution. 1.2 What is municipal law? Broadly construed, the body of municipal law includes all legislation, regulations, policy guidelines, and judicial and tribunal decisions that enable, constrain, and otherwise influence the activities of municipal corporations. Within this wide net, arriving at a precise number of provincial statutes that touch on the municipal domain is difficult. statutes that do so in Ontario, while the Association of Municipalities of Ontario estimates the number at 280. 2 And this does not include federal statutes on matters such as environmental and labour standards or public housing. A stricter definition includes only provincial statutes that establish the existence and primary authority of municipal corporations.3 This body of law is the focus of this paper. Box 1.1 highlights distinctions between general and special legislation in the municipal field. 2. Correspondence with the Association of Municipalities of Ontario, 8 October 2019. 3. The creation and empowerment of municipalities can occur through separate legal instruments. In Saskatchewan and British Columbia, a general statute empowers the executive to incorporate municipalities by order-in-council; however, the jurisdiction and authority of such municipalities is defined by the general act. Ontario and other provinces have used special laws to establish new municipalities (including through amalgamation), which draw their authority from a general Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 9 - Box 1.1: General and Special Legislation: A Key Distinction Readers should note a technical distinction between two types of legislation general and special which is more commonly made in the United States than in Canada. Special legislation applies to a specific person or corporation General legislation, by contrast, applies to all subjects in the polity or a defined class (see Binney 1893). This distinction should not be confused with that between public and private legislation. The City of Toronto Act, 2006, and the Vancouver Incorporation Act, 1886, are special statutes because they each apply to one municipality only. Ontario s Municipal Act, 2001, is a unified general statute that applies to all municipalities except for the City of Toronto. Saskatchewan takes a less unified approach. It has separate general statutes for three categories of municipal corporations: cities, rural municipalities, and northern municipalities. the Cities and Towns Act applies to larger, urban ones. Both specify processes of incorporation and boundary change, as well as institutions and procedures. The grant of authority which defines municipal jurisdiction, however, is contained in a separate general Municipal Powers Act. 1.3 Objectives, scope, and limitations This paper examines the organization and scope of municipalities authority and responsibilities as defined in provincial laws to present an accessible, systematic, up-to-date comparison of provincial statutes that reveals commonality and variation across the country perhaps the first such comparison since Lidstone and Garcea . We do not systematically assess the degree to which municipalities make use of their authority. Indeed, municipalities may not fully exploit their legal authority. Such an assessment would require close examination of specific municipalities more than 3,000 in Canada and is beyond the scope of this paper. Rather, our goal is to describe the content of provincial legal frameworks for municipal government, focusing especially on comprehensive revisions to general municipal legislation made since the 1990s. Our coverage is necessarily selective. Of the many types of local public authorities in Canada school boards, watershed management boards, local improvement districts, and so on our focus is on general-purpose municipalities. Moreover, in keeping with the objectives of the Urban Project, our focus is on the enabling and constraining aspects of provincial legislation: what statute law directly empowers municipalities to do and what it prevents them from We do not discuss statutes ancillary to this focus, such as legislation governing the conduct of municipal elections, nor do we discuss municipalities regulatory authority over land use, private businesses, and building standards, provincially regulated pooled Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 10 - To catalogue these intricacies across the 10 provinces would be impracticable and obscure the broad patterns and trends we seek to identify. Finally, our focus is on statutory provisions, not case law, although we reference judicial interpretations of legislation from time to time. 1.4 Outline of the paper The remainder of the paper is divided into six sections: Section 2, Defining the Provincial-Municipal Relationship, discusses the recent adoption of statutory provisions that define or regulate the provincial-municipal relationship. In several provinces, statutes have been amended to recognize municipalities as a level or order of government or as democratic governments, to specify the purpose of local government, and to establish a provincial duty to consult municipalities before making decisions that affect them, including recognizing the role of municipal associations as interlocutors. Section 3, Powers and Jurisdiction, outlines the powers and areas of jurisdiction authorized in general municipal legislation Municipal Acts and equivalents that define the authority of all general-purpose local governments within each province or territory or of specific categories of municipalities. In Section 4, Institutions, we review statutory provisions governing institutional structures: municipal incorporation, internal organization, boundary changes, the organization of municipal councils, the authority to enter into formal relationships with other bodies, and municipal accountability. We focus on the differences in whether municipalities are empowered to create separate corporations, some of the options available to municipalities to provide services, the methods prescribed for the selection of municipal heads of council, the powers available to heads of council, the independent ability of municipalities to organize their own political structure, statutory measures respecting ethical standards and the accountability of municipal councillors, and legislative protections for municipal politicians. Section 5, Finance, catalogues the range of revenue sources authorized by provincial legislation for operating and capital purposes, including the scope of and Section 6, Asymmetrical Arrangements, describes several provinces use of special legislation and regulation to establish idiosyncratic powers, jurisdiction, and requirements for large cities, commonly referred to as city charters. In some cases, these charters have removed specific municipalities from the application of general municipal legislation so that the municipality s authority is derived from the special law; in others they take the form of special laws or regulations layered over the general framework. In the Conclusion we discuss variations in local government laws among provinces, identify trends, and draw conclusions for the future. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 11 - 2. A central task of provincial legal frameworks for local government is to define the relationship between a province and its municipalities. Yet for most of Canada s history, provinces did not articulate in their statutes an explicit purpose for local governments beyond specifying their specific functions, nor did they set out rules of engagement for provincial-municipal interactions. This absence makes more sense if we appreciate that in the British constitutional and legal tradition, municipal governments originated as corporations whose voting shareholders were local burghers or landowners and that until the 19th century, there was no legal distinction between public and private corporations. Only with the extension of the electoral franchise to the general adult population rather than property owners only (a process that in some Canadian provinces remained incomplete until well after the Second World War) did municipal councils become democratic, accountable, and representative bodies in any meaningful sense. Moreover, it was only in the postwar period, as the fiscal entanglements and principal-agent relationships between provinces and municipalities multiplied, that provincial-municipal interaction became understood as a form of intergovernmental relations parallel to, or nested within, Canadian federalism. At the same time, provincial-municipal relations increasingly involved the formalized interaction of provincial governments with municipal associations at an executive or political level . This context helps us understand why provinces have only recently added explicit articulations of municipalities purpose and democratic function, as well as a recognition of intergovernmental relationships, to general municipal laws (see Table 2.1).4 Each of these additions is discussed in turn. Table 2.1: Defining the provincial-municipal relationship Statement of municipali- ties purpose Good government Provide services Safe and viable community 4. For ease of interpretation, summary tables in which information is presented by province are organized in order from west to east. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 12 - Table 2.1, continued Foster wellbeing Wise stewardship of public assets Public par- ticipation Intermunic- ipal collabora- tion Responsible and accountable X Provincial duty to con- sult X In preamble 2.1 Statements of purpose Labrador being conspicuous exceptions include a statement of the purpose of local government. Some provinces emphasize providing good government and public services. Laws in Alberta, Saskatchewan (mirrored in the Cities Act and the Municipalities Act), Manitoba, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and Prince Edward Island contain almost identical phrasing: The purposes of a municipality are (a) to provide good government; (b) to provide services, facilities or other things that, in the opinion of the council of the municipality, are necessary or desirable for all or a part of the municipality; and (c) to develop and maintain safe and viable communities. Some provinces include additional items. Saskatchewan and Prince Edward Island add providing for stewardship of the municipality s public assets. Alberta adds to foster the well-being of the environment, while Saskatchewan and New Brunswick include to foster economic, social and environmental well-being. Curiously, given the commonly held notion that local government s superior accessibility to the public is an important virtue and rationale for its existence, Prince Edward Island is alone among the provinces in making encouraging and enabling public participation in matters affecting the municipality a basic purpose. Alberta Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 13 - is unique in mentioning intermunicipal collaboration: to work collaboratively with neighbouring municipalities to plan, deliver and fund intermunicipal services. Other provinces use wording that acknowledges municipalities as accountable and responsible democratic authorities, and even an order of government. The Nova Scotia Municipal Government Act states in its preamble that the Province recognizes that municipalities have legislative authority and responsibility with respect to the matters dealt with in this Act and that municipalities are a responsible order of government accountable to the people. Similarly, Ontario s Municipal Act states that Municipalities are created by the Province of Ontario to be responsible and accountable governments with respect to matters within their jurisdiction and each municipality is given powers and duties under this Act and many other Acts for the purpose of providing good government with respect to those matters. British Columbia s Community Charter goes perhaps the furthest in stating that Municipalities and their councils are recognized as an order of government within their jurisdiction that (a) is democratically elected, autonomous, responsible, and accountable, (b) is established and continued by the will of the residents of their communities, and (c) provides for the municipal purposes of their communities. Qu bec s Municipal Powers Act and Cities and Towns Act do not articulate a purpose for local government. However, the preamble to Qu bec s omnibus Bill 122, An Act Mainly to Recognize that Municipalities are Local Governments and to Increase Their Autonomy and Powers (2017, c. 13), states that the National Assembly recognizes that municipalities are, in the exercise of their powers, local governments that are an integral part of the Qu bec State and that elected municipal officers have the necessary legitimacy, from a representative democracy perspective, to govern according to their powers and responsibilities. 2.2 Duty to consult British Columbia and Ontario have also legislated a duty on the part of the province to consult municipalities, individually or collectively, before making decisions that affect them. Building on its recognition of municipalities as an order of government, section 2 of British Columbia s Community Charter articulates principles to govern the relationship between the province and municipalities: mutual respect, a duty to consult, and a commitment to resolving conflict through negotiation. Section 3(1) of Ontario s Municipal Act states that The Province of Ontario endorses the principle of ongoing consultation between the Province and municipalities in relation to matters of mutual interest and, consistent with this principle, the Province shall consult with municipalities in accordance with a memorandum of understanding entered into between the Province and the Association of Municipalities of Ontario. 5 Yet in the Ontario Court of Appeal s decision on the 5. This is paralleled in the City of Toronto Act, 2006: The Province of Ontario endorses the principle that it is in the best interests of the Province and the City to work together in a relationship based Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 14 - provincial government s reorganization of Toronto s ward boundaries in 2018, the province s neglect of this obligation did not prevent its acting unilaterally.6 While not obliging the province to consult with municipalities, Qu bec law Territoire, s. 21). Other provinces, including Alberta and Qu bec, have also adopted memoranda of understanding with municipal associations or individual municipalities that establish a duty to consult, either generally or on specific tasks. In 2015, the Government of Alberta, the Alberta Urban Municipalities Association, and the Alberta Association of Municipal Districts and Counties (now known as Rural Municipalities of Alberta) established a framework MOU to regulate mutual consultation during the review of the Municipal Government Act (Government of Alberta 2015). major metropolis of Qu bec and conferred additional powers and resources on it, the from the province to the municipality (Government of Qu bec 2016). 2.3 Summary The potential legal effect of the explicit articulation of municipal purposes, including their recognition as accountable and responsible governments, is unclear, because it has not been the subject of significant judicial interpretation. The Toronto ward boundary case suggests that these changes do not affect provincial governments constitutional supremacy over municipal affairs. the legal creations of provincial legislatures, which may alter their powers and institutions as they see fit. These statements may, however, play an important symbolic role insofar as they support provisions that delegate specific authority to municipalities (see Section 3) and underlie formalized intergovernmental relationships such as memoranda At a general level, statutory recognition of municipalities democratic function sets a collaborative and respectful tone that departs from the traditional framing of municipal governments as constitutionally subordinate policy takers. on mutual respect, consultation and co-operation. (s. 1(2)) and For the purposes of maintaining such a relationship, it is in the best interests of the Province and the City to engage in ongoing consultations with each other about matters of mutual interest and to do so in accordance with an agreement between the Province and the City. (s. 1(3)). 6. Toronto v Ontario (Attorney General), 2 ONCA 732. In his dissent, Justice MacPherson agreed with the majority that there was no implied protection for local governments from provincial interference in the unwritten constitution; however, he also recognized that the province did not act on its obligation to consult with the City of Toronto on important matters that affect it (ss. 107 108). Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 15 - 3. Powers and Jurisdiction 3.1 Grant of authority All municipal legislation contains a grant of authority, that is, a set of provisions that delegate to municipalities particular roles and responsibilities. These can be more or less general in their construction, at one extreme enabling municipalities to perform only enumerated functions, at the other defining general fields within which municipalities have broad discretion. Grants of authority are both enabling and constraining, in that they not only create municipal authority, they also limit it to certain subjects and circumscribe its use. Broadly speaking, grants of authority have become more expansive since the 1990s, when the cycle of statutory modernization began with Alberta s revised This section discusses provisions found in general municipal legislation, that is, legislation applying to all municipalities or categories of municipalities. So-called big city charters are discussed in Section 6. 3.1.1 General welfare power A municipality s general welfare power typically refers to an omnibus provision in the provincial enabling statute giving municipalities power to act for their own well- being, and for the well-being of their residents. Provincial legislation uses a variety of phrases to describe the general welfare power of municipalities. Alberta s Municipal Government Act gives municipalities power to pass bylaws for the safety, health and welfare of people and the protection of people and property (s. 7). The Municipal Powers Act of Qu bec gives local municipalities the power to pass bylaws to ensure peace, order, good government, and the general welfare of its citizens (s. 85). The Ontario Municipal Act empowers municipalities to pass bylaws for the economic, social and environmental well-being of the municipality, and the health, safety and well-being of persons (s. 11). Elsewhere, the general welfare power arises by implication through an interrelationship between the statutory purposes of the municipality described in the empowering statute(s) and the powers afforded to the municipality to achieve its purposes. For example, in British Columbia, sections 3 and 4(1) of the Community Charter provide that: 3. The purposes of this Act are to provide municipalities and their councils with (b) the authority and discretion to address existing and future community needs, and (c) the flexibility to determine the public interest of their communities and to respond to different needs and changing circumstances of their communities; and 4 (1). The powers conferred on municipalities and their councils under this Act or the Local Government Act must be interpreted broadly in accordance with the purposes of those Acts and in accordance with municipal purposes. Newfoundland and Labrador is the only province that does not grant its municipalities an omnibus general welfare power. While the province has held Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 16 - consultations on modernizing its municipal laws , it has not yet done so. 3.1.2 Express powers Before the 1990s, and dating back to the colonial period, most municipal legislation restrictively defined municipalities jurisdiction by enumerating lists of discrete powers (Lidstone 2007, 402 403). Municipalities were authorized to perform only those functions that were expressly included hence its characterization as the express powers doctrine. This approach was reinforced by the Canadian courts prior to the 1990s, which Makuch, Craik, and Meisk describe as follows: The courts, as a result of this inferior legal position, have traditionally interpreted narrowly statutes respecting grants of powers to municipalities. This approach may be described as Dillon s Rule, which states that a municipality may exercise only those powers expressly conferred by statute, those powers necessarily or fairly implied by the express power in the statute, and those indispensable powers essential and not merely convenient to the effectuation of the purposes of the corporation. Listing express powers has the advantage of affording municipalities certainty that bylaws and regulations passed in conformity with the enumerated powers will not be found to be ultra vires that is, beyond municipal jurisdiction. Yet no list of express powers can be exhaustive. In Canada, as in the United States, the need to adapt to changing circumstances has led municipalities to petition the legislature for amendments to general legislation or for special legislation to permit additional functions. The consequent burden on legislative committees spurred the creation of municipal boards and departments and ministries of municipal affairs in the early 20th century (Taylor 2019, 57 59). Table 3.1: Grant of authority Power General welfare power Express powers Spheres of juris- diction ( ) X (13) X (9) X (8) X (18) X (11) X (8) X (18) X (21) 3.1.3 Spheres of jurisdiction In the 1990s, provincial governments began to amend their municipal laws to grant municipalities authority over broadly defined categories, called spheres of jurisdiction, Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 17 - with fewer supplementary express powers. This legislative scheme is now used in the municipal statutes of eight provinces, with considerable provincial variation, and in some separate city statutes, including those for Winnipeg (a hybrid form), Toronto, and Montr al. Nevertheless, as Table 3.1 shows, all provincial statutes retain some express powers that apply to specific municipal needs. The number and specificity of spheres has increased over time. While Alberta s 1994 statute the first to establish spheres of jurisdiction (LeSage and McMillan 2008, 16) contains nine, more recent municipal legislation contains even more. New Brunswick s Local Governance Act, which came into effect in 2018, has 18 spheres, and Prince Edward Island s 2 Municipal Government Act specifies 21 spheres. General municipal laws in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador do not provide for spheres of jurisdiction. For a summary of the spheres identified in each province s legislation, see Table 3.2. In British Columbia, the Community Charter distinguishes between spheres exclusive to municipal governments and spheres shared by the province and municipalities, which require provincial sanction (s. 9). The British Columbia Court of Appeal has commented on the impact of the concurrent spheres in the Canadian Plastic Bag Association case, in which the Court of Appeal quashed a Victoria city council bylaw made without provincial approval. (As of this writing, Victoria is seeking leave to appeal the decision to the Supreme Court of Canada.) Further, in British Columbia, neither the Local Government Act (which governs the powers available to regional districts and electoral areas) nor the Vancouver Charter describe spheres of powers; instead, these two statutes rely on the enumeration of detailed express powers. In Ontario, the Municipal Act, 2001, sets forth 11 broad permissive powers, or spheres of jurisdiction (s. 11(3)), which can be exercised by lower-tier or upper- tier municipalities, as well as rules prescribing the division of authority in two- tier systems (s. 11(4)). In addition, the Act sets out eight matters under which municipalities can pass bylaws (s. 11(2)). Ontario s Municipal Act, 2001, and the City of Toronto Act, 2006, include other specific express powers. eight fields and further express powers to local municipalities and regional county municipalities. Table 3.2: Summary of spheres of jurisdiction in general municipal legislation of provs. Number of subjects 14 9 12 18 11 8 18 2 Public places and activities, culture 8 Animals 7 Business activ- ities 7 Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 18 - Table 3.2, continued of provs. Number of subjects 14 9 12 18 11 8 18 2 Transport sys- tems 7 Public utilities 7 Welfare, safety, and protection of people 7 Nuisances 7 Municipal ser- vices 4 Enforcement of bylaws 4 Buildings 4 Natural environ- ment 4 Streets 4 Vehicles and pedestrians 3 Explosives blast- ing 3 Economic devel- opment 3 Maintaining safe properties 3 Vehicle parking 3 Soil displace- ment 2 Drainage 2 Buildings and vacant dwellings maintenance 2 Public health and sanitation 2 Weapons fire- arms 2 Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 19 - Table 3.2, continued of provs. Number of subjects 14 9 12 18 11 8 18 2 Cemeteries 2 Building removal 2 Peace, order, and good govern- ment 2 Expropriation and property dealings 2 Condominium conversions X 1 Works along roads X 1 Off road vehicles X 1 Fire fighting X 1 Managing waste X 1 Libraries X 1 Police X 1 Pension and benefit plans X 1 Note: Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador are omitted because they do not establish spheres of jurisdiction. 3.1.4 Judicial interpretation Before the 1990s, municipal powers were usually interpreted narrowly to constrain a municipality s power to illegitimately restrict or control its residents common- or civil-law rights (Lidstone 2007, 403 404). Lidstone argues that the broad interpretation of the municipal general welfare power began to gain acceptance at the time of the Supreme Court of Canada s decision in the Shell Canada Products case. In that decision, the dissent, written by Justice McLachlin, urged that courts adopt a generous, deferential standard of review toward the decisions of municipalities in part because a generous approach to municipal powers is arguably more in keeping with the true nature of modern municipalities (Lidstone 2007, 405 406). Following the Shell Canada Products decision, the Supreme Court of Canada has tended to adopt the reasoning of the minority in that case, and has given impugned Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 20 - municipal bylaws a broad and deferential interpretation in the Rascal Trucking, Spraytech, and United Taxi Drivers decisions (see Makuch and Schuman 2015, s. 1). Nevertheless, the provinces retain constitutional authority over municipalities within the fields of provincial jurisdiction, as shown in the 2019 decision of the Ontario Court of Appeal in the Toronto city wards case (Toronto v Ontario). (As of this writing, Toronto is seeking leave to appeal this decision to the Supreme Court of Canada.) 3.2 Natural person power Natural person power enables a corporation to act as an individual in areas such as entering contracts, suing or being sued, hiring and firing employees, and taking any other corporate acts not prohibited by law. During the 1970s, most provinces modernized their corporation laws to give business corporations expansive powers akin to those of a human being in legal terms, a natural person (St. Paul ). In recognition of municipalities legal status as corporations empowered to exercise powers on behalf of their electors and residents, some provincial governments extended natural person power to municipalities to mimic the powers of provincially mandated business corporations. The grant of natural person power does not create new enumerated powers or spheres of jurisdiction, but potentially expands the municipality s ability to act independently within its areas of jurisdiction as established in provincial law. 3.2.1 Uneven extension and lim
Apr 06 08:15:12 raspberrypi node[7671]: er, and an expansive general welfare power enable a broad scope of municipal action that has been Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 62 - generously interpreted by the courts. While the pace of change has been uneven across the country, the trend has been toward greater empowerment and permissive application. Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador are conspicuous in having neither established spheres of jurisdiction nor conferred natural person powers. 3. The courts have increasingly demonstrated a generous interpretation of municipal authority. The courts have not only tested the limits of local authority, but also expanded the legal meaning of grants of authority. While sustaining the constitutional construction of municipalities as creatures of the provinces, the judicial interpretation of local bylaws has become more generous and deferential since the dissent by Justice McLachlin in the Supreme Court of Canada s 1 Shell decision, in which she stated that Courts should not be quick to substitute their views for those of elected council members on what will best serve the welfare of the city s citizens. The current and potential effect of more expansive judicial interpretation is not fully known, but, as we note later, worthy of systematic study. 4. Big cities increasingly operate under bespoke legal arrangements, but their long-term impact remains unclear. Much energy has been expended over the past 25 years on the idea of city charters, or what we characterize as asymmetrical arrangements for large cities. While the legal instruments differ, Toronto, Halifax, Calgary, and Edmonton have joined Vancouver, Winnipeg, Montr al, and other urban municipalities in deriving some or all of their authority from separate statutes relative to other cities. The constitutional relationship of municipalities to the province remains unchanged, however, and the powers available in special laws largely mirror those in general legislation. The modern wave of charter experimentation in Toronto and in the Alberta cities may represent a tentative first step toward greater asymmetry. Comfort with bespoke arrangements may lead to greater differences between charters and Alternatively, as seen in Ontario, general municipal law is often subsequently amended to incorporate the provisions in city charters. The adoption of charters may fuel a generalized thrust toward more expansive and permissive delegation of authority to municipalities in a ratchet effect. 5. Fiscal empowerment lags legal empowerment. The broad transformation in local government law we have described has not been accompanied by equally far- reaching changes in municipal access to own-source revenues. Few municipalities have access to revenues beyond property taxes, fees, and penalties for operating purposes, and borrowing for capital purposes. Most provinces also enable development charges and density bonusing to offset localized capital costs associated with development. Researchers have questioned whether the available revenue source mix is appropriate in a postindustrial economy and for large cities, and also whether municipalities have fully exploited their existing revenue sources. We have not discussed intergovernmental fiscal transfers because they are not a Two notable exceptions are the Federal Gas Tax Fund Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 63 - block grant established in 2005 and Alberta s 2 City Charters Fiscal Framework Act, which establishes an ongoing statutory funding formula for Calgary and Edmonton. (The latter will be repealed and replaced with a less generous formula when Bill 20 comes fully into force.) Nevertheless, all local governments receive some combination of conditional and unconditional grants from the provincial governments by annual appropriation. The future will no doubt bring vigorous debate over whether and how much municipal fiscal stress should be addressed by: more intensive use of existing local revenue sources; enabling greater discretion in setting rates and how revenues can be spent (see, for example, Found 2019); increased unconditional support from the provincial and federal governments, perhaps through transferring a share of the federal GST; uploading responsibilities to provinces; or opening up new tax fields to municipalities, such as excise and payroll taxes. Regarding the last possibility, both theory and practice suggest that while revenue diversification is beneficial, strong political and competitive forces constrain any given municipality from imposing higher taxes than its neighbours (McMillan and Dahlby 2014; Tiebout 1956). Some have called for such taxes to be levied at the regional scale to minimize negative effects, and have noted significant variations in municipal tax bases: rich municipalities can raise more local revenue than poor ones. 7.2 Observations What have we learned from this review of municipal legislation? 1. We do not yet know the limits of existing municipal powers. The shift to more permissive grants of authority and the enactment of asymmetrical arrangements for large cities are recent. The full effect of these trends remains unknown and will be revealed only as local politicians and administrators devise initiatives that fully exploit their potential and statutes are interpreted by the courts. 2. While local self-government is a cornerstone of our political tradition, municipalities cannot be nation-states in miniature. Municipalities cannot go it alone because they are subject to larger economic, social, and environmental forces and are embedded in complex, historically evolved constitutional, legal, administrative, and fiscal systems. Municipalities need empowering legal and fiscal frameworks that reward creative problem-solving and democratic accountability without generating new inequalities and negative spillover effects. In establishing these frameworks, provinces must be constructive partners with municipalities. There is a risk, however, that greater municipal empowerment will reduce the incentive for provinces to maintain and support legal and fiscal frameworks much as home rule, both as a legal instrument and governing idea, has led American state governments to neglect the fiscal and other needs of their cities. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 64 - 3. Insofar as provinces are engaged in local affairs, much depends on their wisdom and forbearance. Throughout this paper, we have emphasized the constitutional foundations of the provincial-municipal relationship. As constitutionally entrenched sovereign governments, provinces can alter laws, regulations, and policies affecting municipalities as they see fit. Whether they will do so wisely and strategically is a political question, not a legal one. 4. Greater institutional autonomy may be the next frontier. Compared with the United States, the internal organization of Canadian municipal representative and administrative institutions is highly uniform, because of prescriptive provincial legislation. It is an open question whether a more permissive legal approach for example, enabling municipalities to adopt strong mayors, partisan elections, or other variations would spur more innovative policymaking, more accountability and transparency, or greater operational efficiency. For example, Ontario s enabling of alternative electoral systems (see Municipal Elections Act, s. 41.1, which enables ranked-choice ballots) indicates the potential for municipalities to make such important institutional decisions on their own. 7.3 Suggestions for further research This paper has provided a general overview of provincial legal frameworks that constitute, empower, and constrain municipalities. The intricacies of general and special municipal laws and their legal interpretation in the 10 provinces require additional focused investigation. In particular, further research would be beneficial on three fronts: 1. This overview shows that municipal law is both enabling and constraining, and has become more permissive over time. What we do not fully understand, however, is exactly how constraints are experienced We recommend a survey of all Canadian municipalities, large and small and in all provinces, to identify what specific legal provisions (as opposed to fiscal limitations) prevent them from accomplishing important objectives. The results of such a survey would enable the focusing of reform advocacy on matters of everyday significance. 2. Case studies of municipal innovation using new legal tools. Municipalities have more powers than ever before, yet we know little about how they are being used. We recommend a research program to discover how municipalities are working at the limits of their legal authority to pursue policy objectives. In particular, we recommend focusing attention on bylaws and undertakings adopted on the basis of the general welfare power, broad grants of authority, and the natural person power. 3. Monitoring litigation and judicial interpretation. The meaning of statutes is fleshed out through legal challenges and judicial interpretations. We recommend the ongoing monitoring of court challenges to boundary-pushing municipal initiatives, as is performed by the FCM s Legal Defence Fund. Again, a key focus should be on Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 65 - initiatives grounded in the general welfare power, the grant of authority, and the natural person power. This would not only reveal how the courts are interpreting the expanded powers and grants of authority in reformed municipal laws, it would also provide municipalities with insights on how to frame such bylaws. 8. 8.1 Documentary sources Althaus, Catherine, and Lindsay Tedds. 2016. User Fees in Canada: A Municipal Design and Implementation Guide. Ottawa: Canadian Tax Foundation. Amborski, David P. 1998. Review of the Regulatory Environment of Municipal Capital Borrowing. Toronto: ICURR Press. Ashton, William, Wayne Kelly, and Ray Bollman. 2015. Municipalities amalgamate in Manitoba: Moving towards rural regions. Manitoba Law Journal 38 (2): 123 154. Baumeister, Mia. 2012. Development Charges Across Canada: An Underutilized Growth Management Tool? Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Bellamy, Denise E. 2005. Report. Toronto Computer Leasing Inquiry and Toronto External Contracts Inquiry. 4 vols. Toronto. Binney, Charles Chauncey. 1893. Restrictions upon local and special legislation in the United States. The American Law Register and Review 41 (12). Bird, Richard M., Enid Slack, and Almos T. Tassonyi. 2012. A Tale of Two Taxes: Property Tax Reform in Ontario. Cambridge, MA: Lincoln Institute of Land Policy. Bish, Robert L., and Eric G. Clemens. 2008. Local Government in British Columbia. 4th ed. Richmond, BC: Union of British Columbia Municipalities. City of Surrey. 2007. Corporate Report, Council-in-Committee: Community Charter and Local Government Act Municipal Powers Compared to the Vancouver Charter. File 0125 50, 2 September. Surrey, BC. 2014. Provincial-Municipal Relations in Ontario: Approaching an Inflection Point. Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Cunningham, J. Douglas. 2011. Updating the Ethical Infrastructure: Report of the Mississauga Judicial Inquiry. Mississauga, ON. Dollery, Brian, Joseph Garcea, and Edward C. LeSage. 2008. Local Government Reform: A Comparative Analysis of Advanced Anglo-American Countries. Cheltenham, UK: Edward Elgar. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 66 - Downey, Terrence J., and Robert J. Williams. 1998. Provincial agendas, local responses: The common sense restructuring of Ontario s municipal governments. Canadian Public Administration 41 (2): 210 238. Dupuis, Jean. 2016. The Gas Tax Fund: Chronology, Funding and Agreements. Publication -99-E. Ottawa: Library of Parliament. DuPuis, Nicole, Trevor Langan, Christiana McFarland, Angelina Panettieri, and Brooks Rainwater. 2017. City Rights in an Era of Preemption: A State-by-State Analysis. Washington, DC: Center for City Solutions, National League of Cities. Feldman, Lionel D. 1974. Ontario 1945 1973: The Municipal Dynamic, The Evolution of Policy in Contemporary Ontario. Toronto: Ontario Economic Council. Flynn, Alexandra. 2017. Reimagining Toronto s Community Councils. Journal of Law and Social Policy 27: 94 115. Found, Adam. 2019. Development Charges in Ontario: Is Growth Paying for Growth? IMFG Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Garcea, Joseph. 2004. Modern Municipal Statutory Frameworks in Canada. Revue Gouvernance 1 (1). Good, Kristin. 2019. The Fallacy of the Creatures of Provinces Doctrine: Recognizing and Protecting Municipalities Constitutional Status. Governance . Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Government of Alberta. 2015. Framework Memorandum of Understanding for the Municipal Government Act Review. Edmonton. 2016. la me tropole. Montr al. Graham, Kathryn. 2018. Leading Canada s cities? A study of urban mayors. Doctoral dissertation. London, ON: Dept. of Political Science, University of Western Ontario. Halifax Regional Council. 2017. HRM Charter Review: Natural Person Powers. Item .3.1. 1 August. Halifax Regional Municipality. documents city-hall regional-council 170801rc1431.pdf, accessed 2 August 2019. Halifax Regional Council. 2009. Code of Conduct for Municipal Elected Officials. Item .1.5, 2 May. Halifax: Halifax Regional Municipality. Hanniman, Kyle. 2015. A Good Crisis: Canadian Municipal Credit Conditions after the Lehman Brothers Bankruptcy. Toronto: Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 67 - Homersham, Robert A. 2018. Alberta city charters: Extraordinary powers handed out with the daily rations of government. Stikeman Elliott. Government, last modified 2 Sep. 2018, accessed 1 August 2019. Isin, Engin. 1992. Cities without Citizens: Modernity of the City as a Corporation. Montr al: Black Rose. Johal, Sunil. 2019. The Case for Growing the Gas Tax Fund: A Report on the State of Municipal Finance in Canada. Ottawa: Federation of Canadian Municipalities. Kitchen, Harry. 2016. Is charter-city status a solution for financing city services in Canada or is that a myth? SPP Research Papers 9 (2). Calgary: School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. Kitchen, Harry, and Enid Slack. 2016. More Tax Sources for Canada s Largest Cities: Why, What, and How? Municipal Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Kitchen, Harry, Enid Slack, and Tomas Hachard. 2019. Property Taxes in Canada: Current Issues and Future Prospects. IMFG Perspectives . Governance, University of Toronto. LeSage, Edward C., and Melville L. McMillan. 2008. Information Bulletin 1110. Edmonton: Western Centre for Economic Research, University of Alberta. Lidstone, Donald. 2004. Assessment of the Municipal Acts of the Provinces and Territories. Ottawa: Federation of Canadian Municipalities. Lidstone, Donald. 2007. Recent British Columbia Legislation: The Community Charter. University of British Columbia Law Review 40 (1): 401 419. Local Law Center. 2015. Home Rule. Community Environmental Legal Defense Fund, https: celdf.org law-library local-law-center home-rule , last modified 2 August 2015, accessed 7 September 2019. Lyons, Joseph R. 2014. Structural variation and local service delivery: Comparing municipal governments and special purpose bodies. Doctoral Dissertation. London, ON: Dept. of Political Science, University of Western Ontario. Makuch, Stanley M., Neil Craik, and Signe B. Meisk. 2004. Canadian Municipal and Planning Law. 2nd. ed. Toronto: Thomson Carswell. Makuch, Stanley M., and Matthew Schuman. 2015. Have we legalized corruption? The impacts of expanding municipal authority without safeguards in Toronto and Ontario. Osgoode Hall Law Journal 53 (1): 301 333. Malloy, Robin Paul, ed. 2008. Private Property, Community Development, and Eminent Domain. Aldershot, UK: Ashgate. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 68 - McMillan, Melville L., and Bev Dahlby. 2014. Do local governments need alternative sources of tax revenue? An assessment of the options for Alberta cities. SPP Research Papers 7 (26). Calgary: School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. Moore, Aaron A. 2013. Trading Density for Benefits: Toronto and Vancouver Compared. IMFG Finance and Governance, University of Toronto. Newfoundland and Labrador. 2017. Provincial Government Begins Consultations for St. John s: Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Environment. Ontario. 2014. The Municipal Councillor s Guide 2014. Toronto: Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing. Ontario. 2019. News release: Ontario helping make municipalities stronger, 2 October. Toronto: Ministry of Municipal Affairs and Housing. Price, Peter. 2017. Provincializing constitutions: History, narrative, and the disappearance of Canada s provincial constitutions. Perspectives on Federalism 9 (3). Riverstone-Newell, Lori. 2017. The rise of state preemption laws in response to local policy innovation. Publius: The Journal of Federalism 47 (3):403 425. Rust-D Eye, George, Ophir Bar-Moshe, and Andrew James. 2015. User s Manual 2015. Toronto: Carswell. Sancton, Andrew. 1992. Commentary. In John C. Courtney (ed.), Drawing Boundaries: Legislatures, Courts and Electoral Boundaries, 90 95. Saskatoon: Fifth House Publishers. Sancton, Andrew. 2000. Merger Mania: The Assault on Local Government. Montr al: McGill- Queen s University Press. Sancton, Andrew. 2016. The false panacea of city charters? A political perspective on the case of Toronto. SPP Research Papers 9 (3). Shott, Alison Katherine. 2015. Municipal associations, membership composition, and interest representation in local-provincial relations. Doctoral Dissertation. London, ON: Dept. of Political Science, University of Western Ontario. Slack, Enid. 1996. Financing Infrastructure: Evaluation of Existing Resrarch and Information Gaps. Ottawa: Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation. Slack, Enid. 2017. How Much Local Fiscal Autonomy Do Cities Have? A Comparison of Eight Cities around the World. IMFG Perspectives . Governance, University of Toronto. Slack, Enid, and Almos T. Tassonyi. 2017. Financing urban infrastructure in Canada: Overview, trends, and issues. In Richard M. Bird and Enid Slack (eds.), Financing Infrastructure: Who Should Pay? 21 53. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 69 - Spicer, Zachary. 2016. A patchwork of participation: Stewardship, delegation and the search for community representation in post-amalgamation Ontario. Canadian Journal of Political Science 49 (1): 129 150. Tassonyi, Almos T., and Brian W. Conger. 2015. An exploration into the municipal capacity to finance capital infrastructure. SPP Research Papers 8 (38). Calgary: School of Public Policy, University of Calgary. Taylor, Zack. 2019. Shaping the Metropolis: Institutions and Urbanization in the United States and Canada. Tiebout, Charles M. 1956. A pure theory of local expenditures. Journal of Political Economy 64 (5): 416 424. Tindal, C. R., S. Nobes Tindal, Kennedy Stewart, and Patrick J. Smith. 2013. Local Government in Canada, 8th ed. Toronto: Nelson. Tindal, C. R., S. Nobes Tindal, Kennedy Stewart, and Patrick J. Smith. 2017. Local Government in Canada, 9th ed. Toronto: Nelson. Vander Ploeg, Casey G. 2002. Big City Revenue Sources: A Canada U.S. Tax Tools and Revenue Levers. Calgary: Canada West Foundation. Yukon Tourism. 2017. Accommodation levies and taxes across Canada and internationally. City of Yellowknife. last modified 1 February 2017, accessed 1 August 2019. 8.2 Case references Canadian Plastic Bag Association v Victoria , BCCA 254. Catalyst Paper Corp. v North Cowichan , 1 SCR 5. District of Kitimat v Alcan Inc., BCSC 44. Fouillard v Ellice (Rural Municipality), MBCA 108. Greenbaum v Toronto, 1 SCR 674. Nanaimo v Rascal Trucking Ltd., 1 SCR 342. Ontario Public School Boards Assn. v Ontario (Attorney General), , 1 DLR (4th) 346. Shell Canada Products Ltd. v Vancouver , 1 SCR 231. St. Paul v Belland, ABCA 55. Toronto v Ontario (Attorney General), ONCA 732. United Taxi Drivers Fellowship of Southern Alberta v Calgary , 1 SCR 485. Vincorp Financial Ltd. v Oxford , ONCA 876. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 70 - 1. Are There Trends in Local Finance? A Cautionary Note on Comparative Studies and Normative Models of Local Government Finance, by Richard M. Bird, 2011. 2. The Property Tax in Theory and Practice, by Enid Slack, 2011. 3. Financing Large Cities and Metropolitan Areas, by Enid Slack, 2011. 4. Coping with Change: The Need to Restructure Urban Governance and Finance in India, by M. Govinda Rao and Richard M. Bird, 2011. 5. Revenue Diversification in Large U.S. Cities, by Howard Chernick, Adam Langley, and Andrew Reschovsky, 2011. 6. Subnational Taxation in Large Emerging Countries: BRIC Plus One, by Richard M. Bird, 2012. 0874-8 7. You Get What You Pay For: How Nordic Cities are Financed, by Jorgen Lotz, 2012. 8. Property Tax Reform in Vietnam: A Work in Progress, by Hong-Loan Trinh and William J. McCluskey, 2012. 9. IMFG Graduate Student Papers. Development Charges across Canada: An Underuti- lized Growth Management Tool? by Mia Baumeister; Preparing for the Costs of Extreme Weather in Canadian Cities: Issues, Tools, Ideas, by Cayley Burgess, 2012. 10. The Reform of Business Property Tax in Ontario: An Evaluation, by Michael Smart, 2012. 11. Hungary: An Unfinished Decentralization? by Izabella Barati-Stec, 2012. 12. Economies of Scale in Fire and Police Services, by Adam Found, 2012. 13. Trading Density for Benefits: Toronto and Vancouver Compared, by Aaron A. Moore, 2013. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 71 - 14. Merging Municipalities: Is Bigger Better? by Enid Slack and Richard M. Bird, 2013. 15. Public Finance and the Politics of Scale in Montr al: Will the Proposed Reforms Save the Megacity? 16. Decentralization and Infrastructure in Developing Countries: Reconciling Principles and Practice, by Roy Bahl and Richard M. Bird, 2013. 17. 18. A Better Local Business Tax: The BVT, by Richard M. Bird, 2014. 19. Cooperation and Capacity: Inter-Municipal Agreements in Canada, by Zachary Spicer, 2015. 20. Can GTA Municipalities Raise Property Taxes? An Analysis of Tax Competition and Revenue Hills, by Almos Tassonyi, Richard Bird, and Enid Slack, 2015. 21. How to Reform the Property Tax: Lessons from around the World, by Enid Slack and Richard M. Bird, 2015. 22. A Good Crisis: Canadian Municipal Credit Conditions After the Lehman Brothers Bank- ruptcy, by Kyle Hanniman, 2015. 23. Municipal Employee Pension Plans in Canada: An Overview, by Bob Baldwin, 2015. 24. Cities, Data, and Digital Innovation, by Mark Kleinman, 2016. 25. Can Tax Increment Financing Support Transportation Infrastructure Investment? by Murtaza Haider and Liam Donaldson, 2016. 26. Good Governance at the Local Level: Meaning and Measurement, by Zack Taylor, 2016. 27. More Tax Sources for Canada s Largest Cities: Why, What, and How? by Harry Kitchen and Enid Slack, 2016. Zack Taylor and Alec Dobson - 72 - 28. Did the Land Transfer Tax Reduce Housing Sales in Toronto? by Murtaza Haider, Amar Anwar, and Cynthia Holmes, 2016. 29. Financing the Golden Age: Municipal Finance in Toronto 1950-1975, by Richard White, 2016. 30. Climate Change, Floods, and Municipal Risk Sharing, by Daniel Henstra and Jason Thistlethwaite, 2017. 31. The Evolving Role of City Managers and Chief Administrative Officers, by Michael Fenn and David Siegel, 2017. 32. creating Boundary Lines: Assessing Toronto s Ward Boundary Review Process, by Alexandra Flynn, 2017. 33. Land Value Capture and Social Benefits: Toronto and S o Paulo Compared, by Abigail Friendly, 2017. 34. Financing Urban Infrastructure in Canada: Who Should Pay? by Enid Slack and Almos T. Tassonyi, 2017. 35. Paying for Water in Ontario s Cities: Past, Present, and Future, by Harry Kitchen, 2017. 36. Re-imagining Community Councils in Canadian Local Government, by Alexandra Flynn and Zachary Spicer, 2017. 37. Climate Finance for Canadian Cities: Is Debt Financing a Viable Alternative? by Gus- tavo Carvalho, 2018. 38. The Public Finance Challenges of Fracking for Local Governments in the United States, by Austin Zwick, 2018. 39. Returning to the Golden Rule of Balanced Budgets: The Institutional and Political Econ- omy of Restricting Public Deficits and Debt, by Bernard Dafflon, 2018. Power and Purpose: Canadian Municipal Law in Transition - 73 - 40. The Platform Economy and Regulatory Disruption: Estimating the Impact on Municipal Revenue in Toronto, by Zachary Spicer, 2018. 41. Development Charges in Ontario: Is Growth Paying for Growth? by Adam Found, 2019. 42. Does Local Government Autonomy Promote Fiscal Sustainability? Lessons from Illinois s Home-Rule Municipalities, by Matthew Walshe, 2019. 43. Mind the Funding Gap: Transit Financing in Los Angeles County and Metro Vancouver, by Matthew Lesch, 2019. 44. The Practice of Municipal Cooperation: Australian Perspectives and Comparisons with Canada, by Graham Sansom, 2019. 45. Filling the Gaps: The Role of Business Improvement Areas and Neighbourhood Associa- tions in the City of Toronto, by Alexandra Flynn, 2019. 46. The Fallacy of the Creatures of the Provinces Doctrine: Recognizing and Protecting Municipalities Constitutional Status, by Kristin Good, 2019.","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:46:25.993Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:31.986Z"},{"id":139,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 9 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 9 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 9 - Mar 14-20/Module/CPPA122, Module 9 - Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":959281,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:38:03.826Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:33.623Z"},{"id":140,"originalName":"Can Public Adm - 2019 - Lucas - Multilevel policy from the municipal perspective  A pan‐Canadian survey.pdf","displayName":"Can Public Adm - 2019 - Lucas - Multilevel policy from the municipal perspective  A pan‐Canadian survey.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/a74e3de5-b100-4d52-9d9a-0e4ab5bdb0f0","contentType":"application/pdf","size":222508,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:47:33.882Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:34.579Z"},{"id":141,"originalName":"proquest.com_printviewfile_accountid=13631.pdf","displayName":"proquest.com_printviewfile_accountid=13631.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/3db60af6-b27f-434d-81a1-70f48f5ad5cf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":104949,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:47:43.118Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:34.936Z"},{"id":142,"originalName":"Reflections on Who Does What – IMFG.pdf","displayName":"Reflections on Who Does What – IMFG.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f7da22c6-44e5-4e51-ab39-4f2d60d06d8d","contentType":"application/pdf","size":935120,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:48:00.977Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:35.512Z"},{"id":143,"originalName":"Uber launches lawsuit over 'bad faith' council vote, calls on court to overturn ridesharing cap.pdf","displayName":"Uber launches lawsuit over 'bad faith' council vote, calls on court to overturn ridesharing cap.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/df222a3d-d4e8-47a5-a492-e38e1a572c18","contentType":"application/pdf","size":99251729,"folder":"week-9-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:48:31.491Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:02:56.169Z"},{"id":144,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 10 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 10 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/1e7be73b-ca76-42ed-be71-b32771be943a","contentType":"application/pdf","size":297404,"folder":"week-10-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:43:08.980Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:03:00.596Z"},{"id":145,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 11 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 11 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/da075750-ca46-4d0c-9c90-53f32ffe587b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":383263,"folder":"week-11-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:33:45.971Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:51.302Z"},{"id":146,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 12 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 12 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f8f6b290-02b0-4595-aa7e-d511fdd177ec","contentType":"application/pdf","size":260700,"folder":"week-12-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:29:24.789Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:52.948Z"},{"id":147,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 13 - Assignment Detail.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 13 - Assignment Detail.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/06ec675f-4c3d-41d9-b222-0a5e8079f88b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":54661,"folder":"week-13-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:33:47.431Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:54.457Z"},{"id":148,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 5 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 5 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CFNF400 - Human Sexuality/Week 5 - Feb 7-13/Module/CFNF400, Module 5 - Learning Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":534874,"folder":"week-5-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":18,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"By the end of this module, students will be able to: 1. Describe the attitudes of Canadians towards sexual orientation. 2. Recognize the major obstacles faced by gay, lesbian, and bisexual youth and adults. 3. Identify and describe the six stages of gay, lesbian, and bisexual identity development. 4. Identify and describe the four dimensions of the coming out process. Topic Overview In terms of the social context of human sexuality, the evolution of societal attitudes and public policies and laws related to sexual orientation represents a fundamental shift in basic assumptions about the very nature of human sexuality and in values concerning what is, and what is not, morally acceptable sexual behaviour. Sexual Orientation: Notes About Terminology and Acronyms Some terms related to sexuality can become, over time, politicized. Homosexuality is one of those terms. According to Cornelson \"The term 'homosexual' has a clinical connotation that is associated with pathology and reflects historical judgements that same-sex orientation was an illness. It is thus thought by many to be outdated, inaccurate, and even pejorative\" (). However, the term \"homosexuality\" is still used in the sexological literature (For example, your textbook uses this term but in a strictly non-pejorative sense.) Most people with same-sex attraction refer to themselves as \"gay\", \"lesbian\", or \"bisexual\", rather than as a \"homosexual.\" For the purposes of this course, the term \"homosexual\" is used in a value-neutral way that simply defines \"homosexuality\" as a sexual attraction to another person of the same gender. Various different acronyms have been used to describe the range of sexual orientations and gender identities that exist. Your textbook chapters on sexual orientation and gender define and discuss many of these identities. Here is an acronym currently used to define different sexually related identities. LGBTQI2SNA : Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, intersex, Two Spirit, nonbinary, asexual and other emerging identities . We will use the LGBTQI2SNA acronym at various points in the course. In Module 1 we contrasted the Restrictive and Permissive sexual ideologies. As we saw, according to Restrictive sexual ideology homosexual behaviour should be discouraged, whereas Permissive sexual ideology holds that sexual behaviours should be not be judged on the basis of the gender of the partners involved in a sexual act but rather on the basis of criteria such as whether the behaviour is consensual and mutually beneficial. On these grounds, Permissive sexual ideology holds that homosexual behaviours can have the same moral validity as heterosexual behaviours and that a person's sexual orientation is not in any way an indication of their psychological health. Increasingly, Canadian society is adopting a Permissive sexual ideology towards sexual orientation. Key Point Increasingly, Canadian society is adopting a Permissive sexual ideology towards sexual orientation. Below are the results of a surveys administered in 1975, 1995 96, 2006, and 2013 that measured adult Canadian's attitudes towards homosexuality (Bibby, 1995; 2006; Pew Research, 2014). Research on Canadians attitudes towards sexual orientation is revealing in a number of important ways: 1. The results reflect the trend, over time, towards a more permissive ideological perspective towards homosexuality among Canadians. For example, in 1975, 72 of adult Canadians believed that \"homosexual relations\" were \"Almost always wrong\" or \"Always wrong\". By 1995 96 the percentage of Canadians with this opinion had shrunk to 52 . In addition, the percentage of Canadians who felt that \"homosexual relations\" were \"Not wrong at all\" more than doubled from 14 in 1975 to 32 in 1995 96. When Bibby surveyed Canadians a third time a decade later he found that about two-thirds generally approved of homosexuality (Bibby, 2006, cited in Hyde, Delameter and Byers, 2009). In 2013, Pew Research asked Canadians: \"Do you believe that homosexuality is morally unacceptable, morally acceptable, or it is not a moral issue?\" Only 15 responded that is unacceptable while 30 said acceptable, 50 responded that it is not a moral issue, and 5 did not respond. 2. Although the data from these studies suggests that Canadians are becoming more accepting of homosexuality over time, the Canadian population remains segmented in its attitudes towards the moral acceptability of homosexual behaviour. Langstaff reviewed the evolution of Canadians attitudes towards homosexuality and found that although Canadian attitudes have become more accepting overall, much of the shift is the result of people who were more or less neutral about homosexuality shifting their views towards greater acceptance. From her analysis of the survey data, Langstaff concludes that people who have opposed homosexuality in the past have not changed their minds. Indeed, many of these people have become more firm in their dissaproval of homosexuality. According to Langstaff, although the percentage of Canadians who are accepting of homosexuality has increased, \"...a fairly stable minority of about one-third of Canadians are profoundly dismayed by growing societal acceptance of homosexuality\" (). However, as the Pew Research survey results, cited above, suggest, the percentage of Canadians who disapprove of gay, lesbian, and bisexual orientations is continuing to shrink. However, many people in Canada, are not fully accepting of diverse sexual orientations . attitudes-in-canada-toward-lgbt-individuals \"Whether or not one morally approves or disapproves of homosexual behaviour is immaterial to the principle inherent within a democratic society that all people, irrespective of their sexual orientation or other such characteristic, have the inalienable right to live a life free of discrimination\" . Key Point Over time, Canadian's attitudes towards diverse sexual orientations are becoming more accepting. While societal attitudes towards diverse sexual orientations are becoming more accepting, LGBTQI2SNA people live in a world where social and cultural conventions are overwhelmingly heterosexual and where their sexual orientation or gender identity is still often viewed with stigma and prejudice. Cultural representations in the media (e.g., advertising, entertainment) have, at least until very recently, been almost entirely heterosexual in nature. some religious institutions continue to disapprove of homosexuality. Sexuality education programs in the schools may be taught with the assumption that all the students in the class are heterosexual. Many gays, lesbians, and bisexuals have been the victims of violence that resulted from their being targeted because of their sexual orientation. Although all credible mental health professionals now consider homosexuality to be a normal variation of human sexuality, it should be noted that until quite recently, homosexuality was officially considered a mental illness or psychological disorder. For example, it was not until 1973 that the American Psychiatric Association removed homosexuality from its list of psychological disorders. It is in this heterosexually oriented social context that LGBTQI2SNA people form their personal identity as human beings. Key Point LGBTQI2SNA people grow up and achieve developmental tasks in a social environment where their sexuality or gender identity is often viewed with stigma and prejudice. Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual Developmental Tasks It is very important that we do not generalize about diverse sexual orientations and gender identities, treating them as if they were all the same. Each LGBTQI2SNA identity is unique. Here, we will focus specifically on the developmental tasks of people who identify as gay, lesbian, or bisexual. Being transgender refers to person's gender identity (e.g., woman, man, or non-binary: see Module 4). In Module 4, identity development among transgender people is discussed. It's also important that we recognize that a person's identity as gay, lesbian, bisexual, or transgender is just one component of identity and that it will overlap or intersect with other identities a person may have. An intersectional approach considers how different identities simultaneously affect an individual s experiences. An intersectional approach also recognizes that the discrimination and oppression that a person experiences based on sexual orientation may also intersect with other forms of oppression such as those based on race, class, sex, and gender identity. Challenges Facing Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual Youth As we proceed through this course we will be looking at the developmental tasks related to sexuality at the various phases of the life span (i.e., childhood, adolescence, adulthood, late adulthood). Gay, lesbian, and bisexual people must also face a series of challenges related to sexuality that heterosexual people do not face. This may particularly be the case for gay, lesbian, and bisexual adolescents who must navigate a heteronormative and often homophobic social world. These challenges are clearly apparent in a survey of youth's experiences of homophobia, biphobia, and transphobia in Canadian schools (Peter ., 2021: ). For example, according to the Peter . survey, 64 of students reported hearing homophobic comments at school and 30 of 2SLGBTQ students reported that they had been the victims of cyber bullying. For many gay, lesbian and bisexual people, their sexual orientation is a major defining characteristic of who they are as people. We will be looking at two fundamental aspects of personal and social development for gays, lesbians and bisexuals: stages of identity development and the dimensions of coming out. The term \"coming out\" is commonly thought of as the process of informing other people that one is gay, lesbian or bisexual. However, in reality, the process of coming out entails much more than simply telling other people about your sexual orientation. Key Point The coming out process involves much more than disclosure to others. According to Rosario, Hunter, Maguen, Gwadz and Smith the process of coming out involves four dimensions (see below). It is only with the fourth dimension that the person discloses to others that they are gay, lesbian, or bisexual. In a similar way, the individual's development of a gay, lesbian, or bisexual identity is not a single step process but rather involves a series of stages. Listed below are stages of gay, lesbian, and bisexual identity development and the dimensions of the coming out process. You will notice that in many ways the stages of identity development and the dimensions of the coming out process are parallel to each other. That is, for example, identity comparison, the second stage of identity development in which a person begins to understand that they are gay, lesbian, or bisexual and the first dimension of the coming out process, self-identification of sexual orientation are basically describing the same process: discovering feelings of same sex attraction. The important distinction we need to make is that the stages of identity development are focused on the person's internal psychological development whereas the dimensions of the coming out process are describing key factors of the person's social development as a gay, lesbian or bisexual person. For example, the stage of identity acceptance refers to the individual's acceptance in their own mind that they are in fact gay, lesbian or bisexual whereas, for example, the dimension of becoming involved in gay lesbian activities refers to the individual's social interaction with others. Together, the stages of identity development and the stages of coming out provide a basic conceptualization of the developmental tasks related to sexual orientation for gay, lesbian and bisexual people. It is also important to recognize that these processes of identity development and coming out occur within, and are a reflection of, the heteronormativity of our society. Heteronormativity is the assumption or belief that heterosexuality is the default, or \"normal\" form of sexual expression. It is within this heteronormative context that gay, lesbian, and bisexual people form their identity. As a result, we should not look upon these stages of identity development and dimensions of coming out as points along the road of ideal development but rather as points of struggle and progression that gay, lesbian, and bisexual people must face because of the heteronormativity of society. As heteronormativity fades as society progresses, these stages of identity development and dimensions of coming out will become less relevant. Key Point The stages of identity development relate to a person's internal psychological development. The dimensions of coming out relate to a person's social development. Both occur within, and are a reflection of, the heteronormativity of Western culture. Stages of Identity Development 1. Identity Confusion The person, usually in childhood, growing up in a heteronormative society, assumes they are heterosexual but has some feelings of same gender attraction. 2. Identity Comparison The person begins to recognize that they may be gay, lesbian, or bisexual. 3. Identity Tolerance The person more fully recognizes that that it is likely that they are in fact gay, lesbian or bisexual and may seek out contact with others in the gay, lesbian, and bisexual communities to find affirmation. 4. Identity Acceptance The person now fully recognizes that they are gay, lesbian, or bisexual and accepts their sexual orientation. 5. Identity Pride The person begins to accept their sexual orientation as a positive aspect of themselves and contrasts and differentiate themselves from heterosexuals. 6. Identity Synthesis The individual focuses on fully integrating their public and private identities as gay, lesbian, or bisexual. Dimensions of the Coming Out Process (Rosario, Hunter, Maguen, Gwadz and Smith, 2001) 1. Self-identification as gay, lesbian, or bisexual 2. Involvement in gay lesbian recreational and social activities 3. Attitudes towards GLB identities become more positive 4. Disclosure of sexual identity to others \"The coming out process is an individual experience. The milestones, the hurdles and the pace of the process, all vary from person to person. Individuals bring a variety of coping skills, problem- solving abilities and resources to the process\" . It is important to recognize that although the stages of identity development have been presented in a step by step linear fashion (i.e., in a 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 progression), many gay, lesbian, and bisexual people will not necessarily pass through all of these stages in the same order. For example, some individuals may not develop social links with the gay, lesbian, or bisexual communities until well after all the other stages have been completed. In terms of identity development, because they live in an often homophobic culture (see Chapter 9 of your textbook for a definition and discussion of homophobia), some gays, lesbians, and bisexuals struggle with the coming out process. Also, research shows that the timing and progression of the coming out process can be affected by intersectional factors such as gender, race, ethnicity, class, and generational factors (Grov, Bimbi, Nanin, and Parsons, 2006; Haltom and Ratcliff, 2021). 01776-x It is important to note that some people are quite critical of fixed stage models of gay, lesbian, and bisexual identity development. For example, Alderson believes that identity development is a highly individualized process that is affected by a wide range of factors. Not everyone goes through the same stages in the same order. However, acknowledging individual variations in processes and trajectories, stage models can be useful in understanding developmental processes of LGBTQ young people . A meta analysis of 30 studies indicated that common sequence of LGB identity development was becoming aware of queer attractions, questioning one's sexual orientation, self-identifying as LGB , coming out to others, engaging in sexual activity, and starting a romantic relationship . Key Point Not all individuals will progress through the stages of identity development in a step-by-step linear fashion. Although the stages of identity development and the dimensions of the coming out described above do not apply to everyone, they can be useful concepts for health professionals addressing the needs of gay, lesbian, and bisexual students and clients. For example, assessing the stage a person is at in terms of their identity and social development can be helpful in determining specific issues that need to be addressed and to determine if a client is making progress in their development. Discussing the stages with clients can help them to make a self-determination of where they are at and where they want to go next in terms of their personal development. There are a number of ways that the school system and educators can promote the health and well- being of LGBTQ students. These include developing school policies that create supportive environments, teacher and school staff training programs, developing and implementing LGBTQ inclusive school curricula, and fostering the development of LGBTQ student clubs, organizations, and alliances . Key Point Although they don't apply to everyone, the stages of identity development and the dimensions of the coming out process can be useful concepts for health professionals to consider in working with gay, lesbian, and bisexual clients. In the next five modules we will continue with the approach of using developmental tasks to examine sexuality in childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and late adulthood. Review Poll 2 Module 5 - Due by the end of this week of study. Complete the four multiple choice questions below. Then click on Activity below to receive your short answer response question and follow the instructions on how to submit your short answer response. Alex will
Apr 06 08:15:12 raspberrypi node[7671]: provide a commentary on the poll responses and short answers on the Review Poll 2 discussion board. To begin please click on the Review Poll links below. Question A2 - Module 4 describes the traditional sexual script for sexual interactions and gender roles. To what extent do you agree that the traditional sexual script contributes to gender inequality? Strongly agree Agree Neutral Disagree Strongly disagree Submit Question B2 - The research on gender and sexuality tends to highlight differences between genders (e.g., people who identify as women or men). But are people with different gender identities really that different? In general, do you believe that when it comes to basic sexual priorities, needs, and desires, women and men are: Very different Somewhat different Not different at all Submit Question C2 - As discussed in the textbook, there are theories and research that seek to explain the development of sexual orientation. Some people believe that this kind of research helps to dispel harmful myths and misconceptions and will contribute to full equality in society with respect to sexual orientation. Other people believe that research on the biological or social origins of sexual orientation is not useful and potentially dangerous. To what extent do you agree that researchers should be discouraged from investigating the origins of sexual orientation? Question C2-To what extent do you agree that researchers should be discouraged from attempting to identify the determinants of sexual orientation? Strongly agree Agree Neutral Disagree Strongly disagree Submit Question D2 - There has been disagreement in the province of Ontario about the grade level that children should first be taught about the diversity of sexual orientations and gender identities. At what Grade level do you think these topics should be introduced? K to 3 4 to 5 6 to 7 8 or later Submit Activity Cick here to get an Assignment based on the Opinion Polls above. Please Note You can revisit the review poll to view the updated results of your classmates opinions. Alderson, K.G. . Counselling LGBTQI Clients. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Bibby, R. . The Bibby Report: Social Trends Canadian Style. Toronto: Stoddart. Cass. V.C. . Homosexual identity formation: testing a theoretical model. The Journal of Sex Research, 20, (2), 143-167. Cornelson, B.M. . Addressing the sexual health needs of gay and bisexual men in health care settings. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 7, 261-271. Grov, C., Bimbi, D., Nanin, J. and Parsons, J. . Race, ethnicity, gender, and generational factors associated with the coming-out process among gay, lesbian, and bisexual individuals. The Journal of Sex Research, 43, 115-121. Hall, W. J., Dawes, H. C., and Plocek, N. . Sexual orientation identity development milestones among lesbian, gay, bisexual, and queer people: A systematic review and meta-analysis. Frontiers in psychology, 12, 753954. Haltom, T. M., and Ratcliff, S. . Effects of Sex, Race, and Education on the Timing of Coming Out among Lesbian, Gay, and Bisexual Adults in the U.S. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 50(3), 1107 1120. Langstaff, A. . A twenty-year survey of Canadian attitudes towards homosexuality and gay rights. In D.M. Rayside and C. Wilcox (Eds.). Faith, Politics, and Sexual Diversity in Canada and the United States. Vancouver, B.C.: The University of British Columbia Press. (). McInroy, L.B., Beaujolais, B., Craig, S. L., and Eaton, A.D. . The self-identification, LGBTQ identity development, and attraction and behavior of asexual youth: Potential implications for sexual health and internet-based service provision. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 50: 3853-3863. Peter, T., Campbell, C. P., and Taylor, C. Still in every class in every school: Final report on the second climate survey on homophobia, biphobia, and transphobia in Canadian schools Toronto, ON: Egale Canada Human Rights Trust. Pew Research. . Global Attitudes Project. Morality interactive topline results. Rosario, M., Hunter, J., Maguen, S., Gwadz, M. and Smith, R. . The coming-out process and its adaptational and health-related associations among gay, lesbian, and bisexual youths: stipulation and exploration of a model. American Journal of Community Psychology, 29 (1), 133-160. Russell, S. T., Bishop, M. D., Saba, V. C., James, I., and Ioverno, S. . Promoting school safety for LGBTQ and all students. Policy Insights from the Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 8(2), 160- 166. Schneider, M. . Often Invisible: Counselling Gay and Lesbian Youth. Toronto Youth Services. SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. and Education Council of Canada. Reading Required Reading Human Sexuality in a World of Diversity 7th Canadian Edition, Chapter 9. for Further Research Essay Assignments Grov, C., Bimbi, D., Nanin, J.,and Parsons, J. . Race, ethnicity, gender, and generational factors associated with the coming-out process among gay, lesbian, and bisexual individuals. The Journal of Sex Research, 43 (2), 115-121. Hall, W. J., Dawes, H. C., and Plocek, N. . Sexual orientation identity development milestones among lesbian, gay, bisexual, and queer people: A systematic review and meta-analysis. Frontiers in psychology, 12, 753954. Haltom, T. M., and Ratcliff, S. . Effects of sex, race, and education on the timing of coming out among lesbian, gay, and bisexual adults in the U.S. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 50(3), 1107 1120. com.ezproxy.lib.torontomu.ca content pdf 10.1007 s10508-020-01776-x Kennedy, D.A. and Oswalt, S.B. . Is Cass's model of homosexual identity formation relevant to today's society? American Journal of Sexuality Education, 9 (2), 229-246. Peter, T., Campbell, C. P., and Taylor, C. Still in every class in every school: Final report on the second climate survey on homophobia, biphobia, and transphobia in Canadian schools Toronto, ON: Egale Canada Human Rights Trust. every-class Rosario, M., Schrimshaw, E.W., and Hunter, J. . Different patterns of sexual identity development over time: implications for the psychological adjustment of lesbian, gay, and bisexual youths. Journal of Sex Research, 48 (1), 3-15. Russell, S. T., Bishop, M. D., Saba, V. C., James, I., and Ioverno, S. . Promoting school safety for LGBTQ and all students. Policy Insights from the Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 8(2), 160-166. Russell, S. T., and Fish, J. N. . Mental health in lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender youth. Annual Review of Clinical Psychology, 12(1), 465-487. backend ptpmcrender.fcgi?accid PMC4887282andblobtype pdf SIECCAN. . Reaffirming Rights: 2SLGBTQINA inclusive sexual health education contributes to a safer school environment for all. Issue brief. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada .","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:56:28.630Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:05:58.219Z"},{"id":149,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 6 - Topic Overview.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 6 - Topic Overview.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f8c5328d-2c03-45c3-a9d6-2b42d3844ae6","contentType":"application/pdf","size":224103,"folder":"week-6-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:39:44.211Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:00.090Z"},{"id":150,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 7 - Assignment Detail.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 7 - Assignment Detail.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/f862d31b-a3be-4a78-a86d-5ff990c9efd5","contentType":"application/pdf","size":56314,"folder":"week-7-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T00:31:18.932Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:01.475Z"},{"id":151,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 8 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 8 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CFNF400 - Human Sexuality/Week 8 - Mar 7-13/Module/CFNF400, Module 8 - Learning Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":381064,"folder":"week-8-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":30,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Part 1: Learning Objectives By the end of Part 1 of this module students will be able to: 1. Describe and evaluate societal attitudes towards adolescent sexuality and sexual behaviour. 2. Identify the key developmental tasks related to sexuality for adolescents. 3. Describe patterns of sexual behaviour during the adolescent years. 4. Identify and distinguish between the various influences on adolescent sexuality. Topic Overview Introduction: The biological and social context of adolescent sexuality It is perhaps stating the obvious to say that adolescence is a challenging part of our lives. One of the things that make it so challenging is that during adolescence nearly every aspect of our lives changes in profound ways. The physical, intellectual, emotional, and social domains of life are in state of rapid change beginning at puberty until we enter young adulthood in our early twenties. Of course, one of the areas where these changes are most prominent is sexuality. Sexual self-awareness may begin prior to adolescence and continues at an accelerated pace during adolescence and there is no doubt that, for most people, adolescence is a 'critical period' in the upsurge of sexual drives, the development of sexual values, and the initiation of sexual behaviours. The onset of puberty, the power of peer group expectations, and the communication of mixed messages about sex from adults can make dealing with sexuality difficult but for many, and hopefully most adolescents, the development of sexuality can be a positive and life enriching experience. Key Point Adolescence is a time of profound change in all aspects of life including sexuality. As we saw in Module Week 6, many of the building blocks of adult sexuality are built in childhood, but it is with the onset of puberty that we swiftly start to become sexual beings in the adult sense. In looking at the biological and social context of adolescent sexuality, it is important to note that beginning with puberty, youth are biologically capable of reproduction, have sexual feelings and desires, but, in Western society at least, they are about a decade away from assuming full adult status. We should keep in mind that until the twentieth century, in many respects, there was no such thing as adolescence. Soon after puberty, if not before, most people were out of school and often were married before their twentieth birthday. Obviously, this is not what happens for most Canadian youth today. According to sociologist Eleanor Maticka-Tyndale , What is new is the length of adolescence - that time between childhood and entry into roles are markers of adulthood (such as husband, wife, or parallel status; employee in a permanent job; rentee or mortgagee). Adolescence is a time when one is biologically mature but kept socially (and cognitively) immature, i.e., not ready to be an adult (). Furthermore, Lets be clear about this - these are social developments that are not tied to biology. Though young men and women enter puberty before they enter their teens, the average age of marriage is approaching 30. This means that by the time they marry young people have been biologically capable of reproduction for more than half their lives (Maticka-Tyndale, 2001, ). This gap between the biological readiness for sexual activity and the age at which we gain adult status has significant implications for how our society addresses adolescent sexuality. Although most teenagers are biologically ready to have sex, it is often said that teenagers are \"not mature enough\" to engage in sexual activity. Key Point In contemporary Western culture there is a significant gap between when young people become biologically capable of reproduction and the age at which most adults approve of young people having sex. The Developmental Tasks of Adolescent Sexuality For this course, we are looking at each phase of the life cycle in terms of specific developmental tasks related to sexuality. During adolescence, these developmental tasks are numerous and often difficult to accomplish. In one respect, the sexuality related developmental tasks of adolescence are confusing for the simple reason that adolescents live in a culture where they are biologically ready for sex, are constantly exposed to sexual imagery in the media, but at the same time they are often discouraged from expressing their sexuality by their parents, schools, and religious institutions. It is against the backdrop of this contradictory social context that we consider five major developmental tasks of adolescent sexuality. Key Point The developmental tasks of adolescent sexuality can be divided into five major categories: 1. Becoming comfortable with a rapidly changing body; 2. Gaining independence from parents family; 3. Developing self-acceptance as a sexual being; 4. Exploring romantic sexual relationships; 5. Protecting sexual health; 1. Becoming comfortable with a rapidly changing body: On average girls will begin puberty at age 10 or 11 and boys will begin at age 11 or 12. As anyone who has been through puberty knows, it is a time when both the mind and body are in a state of constant, often disconcerting change. (For an outline of the precise physical changes involved in puberty see Chapter 12 of your textbook). Physically, rapid increases in growth, development of secondary sex characteristics (e.g., pubic hair, facial hair, increased breast and genital growth), development of acne and body odour, menstruation, and other physical changes leaves many adolescents feeling awkward, insecure, and uncomfortable about their bodies. At one point or another, nearly all adolescents will wonder if their bodies are \"normal\" or will become convinced that they are unattractive. Media images depicting very narrow and unrealistic representations of the ideal body as well as peer group expectations can be very discouraging for adolescents struggling to gain confidence in themselves. On a general level, it is important for a person's overall well-being to become comfortable with their body. With respect to sexuality specifically, people who are comfortable with and accepting of their bodies are more likely to be comfortable and confident in their sexual relationships throughout their lives. 2. Gaining independence from parents family: Many theorists studying human development suggest that adolescence is a time when young people are seeking to establish a sense of their own identity as an individual. Put simply, adolescents are asking themselves \"Who am I?\" As part of the process of developing their own sense of self, adolescents will typically attempt to distance themselves from their parents and more closely align with their friends and peer group. Very often this move towards a sense of independence involves a rejection of parental values and norms including those related to sexuality. For example, some adolescents will reject their parent's wishes with respect to teen sexual behaviour, particularly if parental opinions conflict with teen peer group norms, as a way of asserting their independence and fulfilling a need to feel like an adult. Part of the general process of asking \"Who am I?\" is asking the question \"Who am I as a sexual person?\" 3. Developing Self-Acceptance as a Sexual Being: It's especially important that adolescents are able to integrate their sexual feelings, needs, and desires into a positive self identity, which includes, as one aspect, a sexual self. Put more simply, it is important for an adolescent to fully and consciously accept that they are a sexual being with sexual desires, needs, and feelings. We might assume, given the relatively open and permissive approach to sexuality in contemporary Western culture, that acceptance of the self as a sexual being is something that happens as a matter of course with all adolescents. However, some adolescents do have difficulty accepting themselves as sexual beings. This may particularly be the case for LGBTQI2S adolescents who have been exposed to homophobic attitudes. Fortunately, this is beginning to change as society becomes more accepting of diverse sexual identities, sexual minority youth navigate the developmental tasks of adolescent sexuality as well as their peers. Although Western culture has moved forward in recognizing and affirming female sexuality, to some extent, a sexual double standard between male and female adolescents still exists. In other words, our society is relatively more accepting of the sexual behaviour of teenage boys but looks more negatively upon teenage girls who are sexually active. Developing self-acceptance as a sexual being is important not only in terms of an adolescent's ability to form healthy current and future relationships. It is also important because people who do not acknowledge or accept themselves as sexual beings are less likely to take measures to protect their sexual health. For example, young people who do not acknowledge or accept themselves as sexual beings are less likely to plan to have sex or recognize that they might have sex. As a result, they are much less likely to practice safer sex if they do engage in sexual activity. This probably explains a significant proportion of unintended pregnancies and cases of STIs. 4. Exploring Romantic sexual Relationships: It is during adolescence that most young people will have their first romantic and or sexual relationship. Like most other aspects of teenage social life, romantic relationships typically cause a great deal of anxiety for adolescents. Many will have their first experience with falling in love and will be faced with the emotional turmoil of beginning and ending relationships. Adolescents are faced with the developmental task of learning, often with little or no experience, how to be in a mutually beneficial relationship and the experience they have with this process can have a significant influence on how they approach relationships throughout their lives. 5. Protecting Sexual Health: As you will see in your required reading for this module, the vast majority of Canadians become sexually active during adolescence and many teens are at high risk for HIV STIs and unintended pregnancy. Thus, learning the information and skills to consistently engage in behaviours that protect sexual health is a major developmental task of adolescent sexuality. Later we will explore how educational programs can effectively equip adolescents with the information, motivation, and behavioural skills to protect their sexual health. Patterns of Sexual Behaviour During the Adolescent Years Key Point The majority of Canadian young people will become sexually active by the time they reach age 20. The textbook documents various forms of sexual behaviour that occur in adolescence (i.e., masturbation, oral sex, intercourse). Approximately two thirds of Canadians will experience oral sex and or sexual intercourse before age 20. The most recent Statistics Canada data on sexual activity among young people indicates that the percentages of Canadian youth aged 15 to 24 who have experienced intercourse has not been increasing in recent years and may even be declining (Rotermann and McKay, 2020; SIECCAN, 2020). When reading about adolescent sexual behaviour, keep the following three Key Points in mind. Key Point Adolescent sexual behaviour is characterized by serial monogamy. 1) It is important to note that although most youth become sexually active at some point during adolescence, their sexual behaviour is often sporadic. That is, many, if not most, adolescents do not have sex on a regular or consistent basis. The literature on adolescent sexuality often designates a teenager who has had sex once as being \"sexually active\" even if that one time occurred several years in the past. However, it is not uncommon for a teenager, particularly a younger teen, to have sex only a few times over a number of years and to have a small number of sexual partners. Part of this is due to the fact that adolescent romantic sexual relationships are often relatively short in duration compared to adult relationships. Nevertheless, it is important to recognize that there is a subset of adolescents who are highly sexually active both in terms of frequency and number of sexual partners. Key Point Adolescent sexual behaviour is often sporadic and adolescent romantic sexual relationships tend to be relatively short in duration. 2) It is important to consider the concept of serial monogamy in order to understand patterns of sexual behaviour among adolescents and young adults. Most (but certainly not all) sexually active people are monogamous. That is, a person will only have one sexual partner at a time. Once a relationship ends, however, the person moves on to a new relationship where they again only have one sexual partner. Looked at in this way, a person could have four sexual partners in four successive relationships over a two-year period but still be monogamous. This person is more accurately described as serially monogamous. (See chapter 7 of your textbook for a discussion of \"friends with benefits\" relationships). The concept of serial monogamy is important to consider with respect to the high rates of STI among young people. For example, it is very common for college university students to be serially monogamous. Many college university students assume that they do not need to use condoms because they are in a monogamous relationship and neither partner shows any signs of having an STI (note that most cases of STI infection are asymptomatic so the person does not know that he or she is infected). These couples often use the contraceptive pill to prevent pregnancy but take no precautions against HIV STI. Psychologically, monogamous college university students often do not consider that they will very likely have different sexual partners in future monogamous relationships. In the end, by the time they graduate from university, many monogamous students will have had two, three, or more relationships, all of them monogamous, none of them protected from HIV STI. The occurrence of unprotected serial monogamy explains a large proportion of STI infections among college university students (For discussion of serial monogamy and its associated STI risk among college students see Bolton, McKay and Scnieder, 2010). Key Point Western culture provides youth with little education or guidance in developing the ability to have sexual relationships characterized by intimacy, mutuality, and pleasure. 3) The sexuality education provided to youth in Western culture, whether it is delivered by parents, schools, or other sources, is often limited to information on preventing sexual health problems such as HIV STD or is aimed at discouraging youth from becoming sexually active. As we have seen, most people will have their first sexual experiences during the adolescent years but many will do so lacking in accurate knowledge of human sexual response or the skills to have mutually pleasurable sexual relationships. As a result, these first sexual experiences can be a disappointment both physically and emotionally. Adolescents are generally left to trial and error as well as questionable advice from peers or distorted media representations for information on sexual intimacy and pleasure. Modern communication technologies (e.g., cell phones smartphones, social media apps websites) have fundamentally changed the way people are exposed to, learn about, and communicate with respect to sexuality. These technologies can have benefits (e.g., increased access to sexuality information, connecting with relationship partners), but also pose significant challenges (e.g., misinformation, privacy, and exploitation risks of online communication). Many people will be exposed to media portrayals of gender and sexuality (e.g., via social media, movies television music videos online games, pornography) that challenge sexual health and well-being in either positive or negative ways. Sexual health education programs should facilitate the development of media and digital literacy skills that will enable people to critically evaluate the sexuality-related material they encounter, as well as develop the knowledge and skills to use communication technologies safely and respectfully . The examination of adolescent sexuality provides an excellent example of how social context shapes our sexual beliefs, attitudes, and behaviours. As noted above, adolescents living in Western culture receive contradictory messages about sexuality. For example, many parents and religious institutions send the message that teens should not be sexually active while peers and the media may send the opposite message. The sexual health messages contained in school-based programs may be contradicted by the sexually explicit imagery easily found on the internet. Thus, its not surprising that many adolescents are confused and anxious about sexuality. Key Point Adolescents living in Western culture receive contradictory messages about sexuality. Increasing attention is being paid to the role that the media, particularly television and music videos, plays in influencing adolescent sexuality. Generally, it is assumed that the media's influence is negative. Consider also that adolescents today have much easier access to sexually explicit media (e.g., x-rated videos or pictures) through the internet than did adolescents in the past. For example, a survey of youth in Canada indicated that 22 in grades 7 to 11 reported looking for pornography online and 32 said that they had unintentionally come across pornography without looking for it (Media Smarts, 2022). 20YCWW 20Phase 20IV.pdf Our culture's ambivalence about the reality of adolescent sexuality, combined with the array of contradictory messages about sexuality that adolescents are exposed to, underscores the need to provide effective sexual health education to youth. In Module 9 we will turn our attention to societal attitudes towards sexuality education and the theory and practice of effective adolescent sexual health education. Bolton, M., McKay, A. Schneider, M. . Relational influences on condom use discontinuation: a qualitative study of young adult women in dating relationships. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 19, 3, 91-1 Maticka-Tyndale, E. . Sexual health and Canadian youth: how do we measure up? The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 10, 1-17. MediaSmarts. . Young Canadians in a Wireless World, Phase IV: Encountering Harmful and Discomforting Content Online. MediaSmarts. Ottawa. 20YCWW 20Phase 20IV.pdf McKay, A. and Holowaty, P. . Sexual health education: a survey of adolescents' opinions, self-perceived needs, and current and preferred sources of information. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 6, 29-38. Rotermann, M. and McKay, A . Sexual behaviours, condom use and other contraceptive methods among 15- to 24-year-olds in Canada, Health Reports, 31, (9), 3-11. SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. Reading Required Reading Human Sexuality in a World of Diversity, 7th Canadian Edition, Chapter (Read only LO12.2: Adolescent Sexuality) and Chapter 15. for Further Research (Essay Assignments) Maticka-Tyndale, E. . Sexuality and sexual health of Canadian adolescents: yesterday, today and tomorrow. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 17, (3), 85-95. (Available online - Toronto Metropolitan University library system). Rotermann, M. and McKay, A . Sexual behaviours, condom use and other contraceptive methods among 15- to 24- year-olds in Canada, Health Reports, 31, (9), 3-11. x 2020009 article 00001-eng.pdf?st 1fEXpUbq SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. Part 2: Learning Objectives By the end of this part of the module students will be able to: 1. Classify and describe different ideological perspectives towards sexuality education in the schools. 2. Identify and describe Canadian's attitudes towards sexuality education in the schools. 3. Assess adolescent's needs with respect to sexuality education. 4. Identify the key ingredients of effective adolescent sexuality education. Topic Overview Introduction As we saw in Module 1, and throughout the course so far, the social context of human sexuality in Western culture can be examined in terms of the struggle between the Restrictive and Permissive sexual ideologies. Although Western society appears, over time, to be tilting towards Permissive sexual ideology, there are many sexuality issues upon which Canadian society remains divided. The issue of sexuality education in the schools is also a good case study for examining societal attitudes towards sexuality. \"Sex education is potentially a vehicle for social engineering par excellence, be it progressive or traditional\". \"...educators in the field of sexuality inevitably do their work under some assumptions about its purpose and value - assumptions that include a particular vision of the place of sexuality in social behaviour in general and the needs of teenagers in particular\" . In Module 4, we became familiar with the concept of socialization (The ways in which society conveys to the individual its expectations for his or her behaviour). To a great extent, our sexuality related attitudes and behaviours are the result of the socialization process that occurs as we are growing up. Along with families, friends, religious institutions, and the media, schools are among the most powerful socialization agents in our society. It's not surprising then, that opinions about what should be taught in school-based sexuality education will be a reflection of different ideological perspectives towards sexuality generally. Key Point Schools are one of the primary mechanisms for the socialization of youth in our society and, as a result, sexuality education in the schools is often perceived as a powerful force in shaping the sexuality attitudes and values of youth. Ideology and Sexuality Education: Different Perspectives Restrictive Sexual Ideology: During the 1970's and 1980's, proponents of Restrictive sexual ideology argued that sexuality education did not belong in the schools. In this view, education about sexuality should be left exclusively to parents and religious institutions. From this perspective, sexuality education in the schools would provoke increased sexual curiosity and behaviour among youth. As it became clear, particularly in the 1990's, that schools would play some role in educating youth about sexuality, proponents of Restrictive sexual ideology tended to modify their position to argue that school-based programs should be focused on the primary objective of teaching youth that sexual activity outside of marriage is immoral, psychologically harmful, and unhealthy. These so-called \"abstinence-only\" programs have been far more popular in the United States than in Canada. Indeed, the U.S. government actively funds and encourages abstinence programs. Legislation signed into law by U.S. President Bill Clinton in 1996 included a provision that in order to receive federal funding, sexuality education programs must teach \"...that a mutually monogamous relationship in the context of marriage is the expected standard of human sexual activity\" and \"...that sexual activity outside the context of marriage is likely to have harmful psychological and physical effects\" (cited in Daley, 1997, ). Permissive Sexual Ideology: During the 1970's and 1980's, proponents of Permissive sexual ideology argued that sexuality education did belong in the schools. From this perspective, sexuality education in the schools would help to reduce sexuality related social problems such as teen pregnancy and HIV STI. In this view, knowledge was preferable to ignorance and youth should be taught that sexuality is a natural and positive part of life. Students would be encouraged to clarify their own values about the appropriateness of premarital sex and they would also be informed about birth control methods and ways to reduce the risks of sexual activity (e.g., condom use). Although many school-based sexuality education programs in Canada today make a point of stressing the advantages of abstinence, most programs, particularly in non-religious public schools, do acknowledge the importance of dual protection against pregnancy and HIV STD for sexually active youth. A Democratic Approach to Sexuality Education: Is it possible for sexuality education in the schools to avoid indoctrinating youth with a particular sexual ideology? In one respect, it seems clear that as Canadian society has, in some respects, adopted a more Permissive sexual ideology, these shifts in social attitudes have been reflected in our approaches to teaching youth about sexuality. For example, teaching that using condoms is a wise choice for sexually active youth or including the sexual health education needs of LGBTQI2S students in school curricula can be seen as examples of sexuality education being informed by Permissive sexual ideology. On the other hand, many sexuality educators and policy makers, particularly in Canada, have suggested a philosophical approach to sexuality education that is based, first and foremost, not in either Restrictive or Permissive sexual ideology, but rather on the basic principles of a democratic society. As noted above, the U.S. government unambiguously sides with Restrictive sexual ideology by funding and promoting abstinence-only sex education. Although in Canada, education is a provincial responsibility, the Canadian federal government has played a role in the past in sexuality education. A notable example of this was the Public Health Agency of Canada's Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education which took a quite different approach than the stance taken by the U.S. government. Consider the following statements from those Canadian guidelines. The Guidelines stateed that effective sexual health education: \"is structured so that changes in behaviour and confidence is developed as a result of nonjudgemental and informed decision-making\" (). \"should be provided in an age-appropriate, culturally sensitive manner that is respectful of individual sexual diversity, abilities and choices\" (). In sum, it would appear that, in contrast to U.S. policy, Canadian approaches to sexuality education reflect basic democratic principles such as the right to self-determination and the right to receive information that enables people to make their own choices. For a more modern version of these principles see the Core Principles of Comprehensive Sexual Health Education from the 2019 edition of the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education: Before examining Canadian's attitudes towards sexuality education in schools, lets take a very quick look at the history of school-based sexuality education in Canada and briefly evaluate the quality of current sex education programs. A Brief History of School-based Sexuality Education in Canada Up until the 1970's, there were few debates about sexuality education in the schools, largely because few schools had sexuality education programs. Students sometimes received limited information about reproduction and sexually transmitted diseases through lectures on \"personal hygiene\", or through biology and physical education classes. Beginning in the 1970's, concern about teenage pregnancies combined with increasing societal openness about sexuality led to the gradual implementation of sexuality education programs in Canadian schools. In the 1980's and 1990's, alarm over HIV AIDS, high rates of other sexually transmitted infections in youth, as well as a growing recognition that most Canadian youth were becoming sexually active in their teens, prompted most secondary schools in Canada to introduce some form of sexuality education. By the mid-1990's, every province and territory in Canada either mandated or strongly recommended, through provincial departments of education or health, that some form of sexuality education be taught in the schools . More recently, the province of Quebec has removed sexual health education from its formal curriculum although the Quebec Ministry of Education recommends that teachers find ways to integrate sexual health issues into classroom teaching. Key Point Every province and territory in Canada either mandates or strongly recommends that some form of sexuality education be taught in the schools. The Current Status of Sexuality Education in Canadian Schools What can we say about the current status of sexuality education in Canadian schools? Although it would be accurate to say that most Canadian youth receive some form of sexuality education before they leave high school, it is also true that few Canadian youth receive sexuality education that provides them with the information and skills necessary to protect and enhance their sexual health. Key Point Although most Canadian youth receive some form of sexuality education before leaving high school, few of these programs provide the necessary information, motivation, and behavioural skills that youth need to protect and enhance their sexual health. The quality of sexuality education in Canadian schools varies from school to school, from school board to school board and from province to province. Thus, it is difficult to generalize about the quality of sexuality education in Canadian schools. However, a number of observations can be made that suggest that there are many weaknesses in contemporary sexuality education. 1. According to data from the Canadian Community Health Survey (Rotermann, 2012; SIECCAN, 2020), about 9 of youth have intercourse before age 15 and another 26 have intercourse at 15 or 16. Yet, many, if not most Canadian youth do not receive detailed education on birth control and condom use until the later grades of high school. In other words, by the time they receive sexuality education, many youth have already become sexually active. 2. Sexual health education programs for adolescents tend to focus primarily on the prevention of sexual problems such as STIs but pay little attention to the enhancement of sexual health and well-being (e.g., healthy, mutually satisfying and pleasurable relationships). 3. Many sexuality education programs in Canadian schools focus on providing basic factual information on the biological aspects of human sexuality. As we will see below, simply providing youth with information on the biological aspects of human sexuality is unlikely, by itself, to result in youth adopting behavioural practices to protect and enhance their sexual health. 4. Very few school teachers have been given specific training on how to provide effective sexuality education programs. 5. Many school principles and administrators believe that providing sexuality education in the schools is highly controversial. They are, therefore, often reluctant to have topics such as sexual orientation and condom use included in the curriculum out of fear that many parents will object to these topics being taught. Catholic schools, in particular, are often reluctant to teach these topics. Canadian Attitudes Towards Sexuality Education As noted above, there is a common perception that sexuality education in the schools is a controversial topic and that many parents strongly object to the idea that their children will be taught about topics such as sexual orientation and condom use. To what extent is this true? Some parents do object to these topics being taught because they do not want the schools to contradict the religious or ethnocultural values related to sexuality that they are trying to pass on to their children. However, it is also true that most parents want their children to receive sexuality education in the schools. Key Point A strong majority of parents approve of sexuality education in the schools. Not only do most Canadian parents want sexuality education taught in the schools, parents also want these programs to teach a broad range of topics. Surveys of parents in Canada have found that most parents approve of the teaching of a wide range of topics including healthy relationships, sexual pleasure, masturbation, methods of STI prevention, birth control, gender identity, and sexual orientation (McKay ., 2014; SIECCAN, 2020; Wood ., 2021). Most Canadian parents appear to recognize the importance of providing youth with broadly-based sexuality education that addresses the realities of adolescent sexuality and sexual behaviour. Not surprisingly, surveys of Canadian youth clearly show that they want relevant sexual health education provided in their schools . However, these same studies also show that few students are satisfied with the sexual health education they are currently receiving . Here is a recent assessment from youth in Canada on their sexual health education experiences and needs: Working Towards Effective Sexuality Education in the Schools In your required reading for this module you will learn about the characteristics of effective sexuality education programs. Among the most important characteristics of effective programs is that they use theoretical models of behaviour change to create and teach the program. Key Point Effective sexuality education programs are informed by theoretical models of behaviour change. The Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education demonstrate the Information, Motivation, Behavioural Skills theoretical model and we will use the IMB model here to illustrate the principles of effective sexuality education. For more information on the key ingredients of effective school-based sexual health education programs see the SIECCAN document Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. (Both of these document are available online at the SIECCAN website Traditionally, and in many cases today, sexuality education programs focus on providing students with factual information. For example, students might learn that condoms reduce the risk of HIV STI infection or that not having intercourse means that you don't have to worry about pregnancy. But does simply learning this kind of factual information translate into healthy behaviour? Research has consistently shown that learning factual information is not enough. Students must also be motivated to use the information they have learned and they must also learn the actual skills to incorporate the information into their behaviour. Let's look at two examples (obtaining discussing partner consent to sexual activity, using condoms, dental dams, or other barriers to prevent STI transmission) of how the IMB model can be used to formulate effective sexuality education for adolescents. Both of these examples are excerpted from the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education . Obtaining discussing partner consent to sexual activity Information Acquire knowledge relating to: General and legal definitions of clear, affirmative consent and sexual assault Factors that contribute to non-consensual sexual activity Understanding nonverbal communication Discussion of consent within relationships (e.g., consent should not be assumed just because people are already in a relationship) Communication skills needed to establish shared interest and mutual understanding of desired sexual behaviours Motivation Discuss Address: Personal attitudes towards the importance of clear, affirmative consent Ideas beliefs about personal responsibility to ensure the safety of others Ideas about perceived social support for obtaining clear, affirmative consent Perceived costs and benefits of clear, affirmative consent Personal comfort and competency in navigating conversations related to sexual behaviours, interests, and boundaries. Behavioural skills Practicing and applying the knowledge on: Bringing up and discussing communicating own consent and obtaining consent from partners (e.g., personal script for obtaining giving consent) Assessing verbal and nonverbal consent skills throughout the sexual encounter to ensure there is unambiguous, ongoing, clear, affirmative consent Bringing up and discussing shared interest and mutual understanding of desired sexual behaviours Condom Use, Dental Dam Use, or other Barrier Use to Prevent STI Transmission Information Acquire knowledge relating to: Basic information regarding anatomy, physiology, STIs, and pregnancy STI risk behaviours and transmission Effectiveness of condoms, dental dams, and other barriers in preventing STI transmission or acquisition What a condom is, what a dental dam is, what other types of barriers are (e.g., gloves) Where to access condoms, dental dams, and other barriers (including free and low-cost options) How to use a condom, dental dam, and other barriers, correctly (e.g., checking expiration dates, applying and removing barriers, storage of condoms, dental dams, and other barriers) How to discuss condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier use with a partner Keeping condoms, dental dams, and other barriers available Comfortable and pleasurable condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier use Motivation Discuss Address: Target audience s vulnerability to STIs Ideas beliefs about personal responsibility safety Ideas about sexual scripts and gender norms that impact condom, dental dam, and other type of barrier use Individual peer public attitudes norms towards using or not using condoms, dental dams, or other barriers The specific benefits of condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier use to the individual Behavioural skills Practicing and applying the knowledge on: How to access condoms, dental dams, and other types of barriers How to discuss condom, dental dam, and other types of barrier use with a partner Scripting unilateral use of a condom, a dental dam, or other type of barrier How to use a condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier (e.g., opening the package, putting a condom on, taking it off; placing the dental dam over a partner s vulva and or anus so that it creates a barrier between the mouth and the genitals) Skills for pleasurable condom, dental dam, and other type of barrier use (e.g., assessing condom fit, placing lube on the inside of the condom or dental dam) How to discuss and engage in alternative types of sex if no condom, dental dam, or other type of barrier is available These examples illustrate why sexuality education must go beyond providing factual information if it is to meaningfully contribute to adolescent sexual health. These examples also demonstrate that effective sexuality education for adolescents will focus on helping students develop relationship communication skills. Indeed, surveys of students indicate that they want sexuality education to include topics such as \"building equal romantic relationships\", \"sexual decision- making in dating relationships\", \"dealing with peer pressure to be sexually active\", and \"communicating about sex\" . Unfortunately, however, most school-based sexuality education programs fail to adequately address these topics. Key Point In order to effectively contribute to adolescent sexual health, sexuality education programs must include a focus on the development of relationship and communication skills. In Module 13 we will we will look at the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education in more detail and explore how the IMB model can be used to develop, implement, and evaluate sexual health programming for a wide variety different groups and objectives. Barrett, M. . Sexuality education in Canadian schools: an overview in 1994. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 3, 199-225. Daley, D. . Exclusive purpose: abstinence-only proponents create federal entitlement in welfare reform. SIECUS Report, 25(4), 3-7. McKay, A. Byers, E.S., Voyer, S.D., Humphreys, T.P., Markham, c. . Ontario parents' opinions and attitudes towards sexual health education in the schools. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 23, (3), 159-166. Public Health Agency of Canada. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Educ
Apr 06 08:15:12 raspberrypi node[7671]: ation Council of Canada. . Rotermann, M. . Sexual behaviour and condom use of 15- to 24-year-olds in 2003 and 2009 2010. Health Reports, 23, (1), 1-5. Thompson, R. . Moral rhetoric and public health pragmatism: the recent politics of sex education. Feminist Review, 48, 40-60. Wood, J., McKay, A., Wentland, J. and Byers, E, S.. . Attitudes towards sexual health education in schools: A national survey of parents in Canada. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 30 (1), 19-31. Zabin, L. and Howard, S. . Adolescent Sexual Behavior and Childbearing. Newbury Park, CA: Sage publications. Reading Required Reading Human Sexuality in a World of Diversity, 7th Canadian Edition, Chapter 12 (Read only LO 12.2 Adolescent Sexuality) and Chapter 15. for Further Research (Essay Assignments) SIECCAN. . Questions and Answers: Sexual Health Education in Schools and Other Settings. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada.","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:48:33.257Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:03.334Z"},{"id":152,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 9 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 9 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/0b1a01a2-3cea-46c6-b7bd-73b243d9759e","contentType":"application/pdf","size":284420,"folder":"week-9-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T07:49:21.351Z","createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:05.152Z"},{"id":153,"originalName":"Units 3,6 - 3,13.pdf","displayName":"Units 3,6 - 3,13.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/327b5e57-cfed-47d3-9d69-f00c2944729a","contentType":"application/pdf","size":9176641,"folder":"week-10-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:09.835Z"},{"id":154,"originalName":"Units 3,14 - 3,16.pdf","displayName":"Units 3,14 - 3,16.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/54eac3b0-bb7b-4a9d-badb-07cc700543c3","contentType":"application/pdf","size":9821103,"folder":"week-11-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:14.595Z"},{"id":155,"originalName":"Units 2,1 - 2,6.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,1 - 2,6.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/411fdc02-bea4-4fd7-a8d1-959a722657d0","contentType":"application/pdf","size":8837554,"folder":"week-5-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:21.464Z"},{"id":156,"originalName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/9b1643d4-0bb3-4db8-bffb-2233a9123b05","contentType":"application/pdf","size":3320970,"folder":"week-5-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:24.695Z"},{"id":157,"originalName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/da91c54c-987a-4acc-819c-edbc0225c39b","contentType":"application/pdf","size":3320971,"folder":"week-6-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:27.219Z"},{"id":158,"originalName":"Units 2,10 - 2,12.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,10 - 2,12.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CASL101 - American Sign Language/Week 7 - Feb 28-Mar 6/Module/Units 2,10 - 2,12.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":9046130,"folder":"week-7-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:30.517Z"},{"id":159,"originalName":"Units 3,1 - 3,5.pdf","displayName":"Units 3,1 - 3,5.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/2acd804e-93dd-4855-b59e-76dd8721e586","contentType":"application/pdf","size":4158918,"folder":"week-9-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-02-06T17:06:33.343Z"},{"id":160,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 5 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 5 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 5 - Feb 7-13/Module/CPPA122, Module 5 - Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":0,"folder":"week-5-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":29,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Last week you watched a short video that talked about the Roles and Responsibilities of Elected Officials . It emphasized the importance of a good and respectful relationship between the mayor, councillors, and staff. We will continue our look at the structures and machinery of local government this week with a focus on the municipal administration (or public service) and municipal agencies, boards, and commissions (or special purpose bodies). Both connect in key ways with the political governance machinery of municipalities that was discussed last week. The module will also look at municipal accountability officers, who are part of the machinery of government but independent Topics and Learning Objectives Topics Municipal administration models and influence Accountability structures and officers Agencies, boards, and commissions Learning Objectives By the end of this module, you should be able to: Identify the different municipal administrative structures Assess the nature of the relationship between elected representatives and staff Explain municipal accountability processes and identify key accountability roles provincially established municipal agencies, boards, and commissions Readings Reading Please Note: You can access all non-textbook readings through the One-Stop Course Readings in the Table of Contents in your D2L Brightspace course. Required 1. Lucas, J. . Hidden in plain view: Local agencies, boards, and commissions in Canada. Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. 2. CAMA. (2023, March). The role and significance of the Chief Administrative Officer Position in Canadian A CAMA white paper on Ontario s strong mayor legislation and the pivotal role of the CAO in providing good governance. Canadian Association of Municipal Administrators. 3. Sancton, A. . Accountability officers and integrity in Canadian municipal government. Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. The Bureaucracy The municipal administration is the second component in the machinery of local government. Often referred to as the bureaucracy, this group includes all municipal staff and senior officials who are employed by the municipality. Kernaghan and Siegel define bureaucracy as a form of organization characterized by hierarchical structure, unity of command, hiring and promotion by merit, and specialization of labour . The term bureaucracy can sometimes have a negative connotation that brings to mind images about inefficient public sector employees. It is, however, based on sound principles of public administration and was introduced in an effort to establish fair and consistent decision-making and service and an emphasis on effectiveness. As Tindal . note, there have traditionally been requirements for the establishment of certain statutory officers of the municipality such as treasurer, clerk, or solicitor . While this has been changing over time and there is significant variation across the country, municipalities tend to have some designated, statutory positions. Municipalities are organized based on five basic models of municipal administration: 1. the departmental model, 2. the commissioner or board of management model, 3. the council-manager model, 4. the manager model, and 5. the city manager model. : Early Models Departmental and Board of Management The relationship between council, the administration, and special purpose bodies has evolved over time. The first period of development was from WWII to the 1970s and was characterized by a high degree of integration between municipal councils and the administration. The departmental model and board of management system were prevalent. Special purpose bodies were generally unquestioned. Departmental Model The departmental model was prominent in Canadian municipalities until the mid-1970s. functions and assigned responsibility for a function to an administrative department head. All department heads reported directly to the municipal council, often through a standing committee. Department heads were equal, and each had an independent relationship with the municipal council. Not surprisingly, the model had the tendency to promote the development of bureaucratic empires within departments. Coordination between departments was weak and there was little incentive to integrate policies or services. Commissioner or Board of Management Model The commissioner or board of management model assigns responsibility for the management of the municipality s affairs to a group or board rather than a single city manager. Each commissioner would have responsibility for a group of services for example, all hard services, soft services, corporate administrative services, etc. The group of commissioners, led by the chief administrative officer as a first among equals, would meet regularly to plan and coordinate the operations and management of the municipality. In the past, the mayor may have participated on the board of commissioners or board of management, providing a political- administrative link. 1970s Onward Shifting Models of Administration from the 1970s Onward By the mid-1970s and into the 1980s there was a shift to CAO and city manager models in larger cities. This changed the relationship between senior staff and elected representatives and between departments, which were under pressure to become more administratively integrated and work horizontally across boundaries. In some areas, there was a questioning of the role of special purpose bodies. The 1990s were a time of re-examination in local government that included looking at who does what, examining how it is done, as well as measuring and reorganizing in an effort to find cost savings and efficiencies. Both of these periods of change were influenced by business approaches and principles. There was a sense that governments in general, and local government in particular, were getting too large, were inefficient in delivering services, and had weak internal controls. Tindal . discuss the influence of new public management in local government in Canada and its influence on the organization of local governments. The emphasis on performance and accountability sets these NPM reforms apart from earlier structural changes, and the use of special purpose bodies and board of management and city manager terminology reinforce the desire for more control over government. Municipalities have continued to adapt to ongoing fiscal, downloading, and political pressures by restructuring and refocusing. In general, there has been a reduction in the number of senior officials in municipalities and an emphasis on integration and horizontal linkages within program areas. Municipal administrations are becoming more dynamic, and new approaches to managing issues are being implemented, including service clusters and project teams that involve internal and external stakeholders. Council-Manager Model The council-manager model, popular in the U.S., shifted power from department heads to a strong, central city manager (also called CAO). In this model, the city manager is the only point of contact for the administration with the elected council. Councils in the city-manager system do not usually have standing committees and there is little no interaction between senior staff and councillors. The manager has authority to hire and fire senior staff and exercises strong control over the administration. The city manager also has significant influence over the council, which does not generally have strong operational or program knowledge. While the city manager or CAO is very powerful, they are also very vulnerable, especially in situations of conflict. Sancton notes that there is no Canadian municipality where the full city manager CAO model has been implemented. Many municipalities were reluctant to move to the city manager model because of a fear that the city manager position would be too powerful both in the internal administrative side of the organization and politically in terms of challenges and rivalries with the mayor and members of council. However, Canadian municipalities faced pressures for greater professionalization and a stronger non-political role in managing the municipality. Thus, a modified manager model has become popular. A professional city manager would oversee all administrative activities and departmental functions and report to the municipal council. While the department heads report to the city manager, they also connect with the council through a standing committee structure and have accountability to council through that committee. Council is responsible for hiring the manager and is generally involved in some way in the appointment of senior staff. Chief Administrative Officer Model The chief administrative officer model is a weak or modified form of the city manager model. The CAO would have responsibility for all the administrative areas in the municipality, including finance, clerks, communications, human resources, and legal, but generally, they did not have responsibility for the operating departments that provide services directly to the public. In this model, these departments, such as parks and recreation, transportation, and social services, would be run by a department head or commissioner who would report directly The CAO would not have responsibility or authority for the major services provided by the municipality. City Manager Model In the city manager model, the most senior municipal staff position is the city manager who has responsibility for all municipal administration and service delivery. The city manager reports directly to council. Many authors, including the authors of the course textbook, will use city manager and chief administrative officer interchangeably. It is important to note that there was and still remains a difference in the roles and scope of authority in some municipalities. Preferred Administration Model Today Most municipalities use some form of the city manager or chief administrative officer. This super-bureaucrat plays a key role in the municipal administration and is usually selected and appointed under contract by the municipal council. what the municipality is looking for in its recruitment for a new CAO. Depending on the individual, they may have different types of relationships with the senior staff department heads. Plunkett (as referenced in Tindal ., 2017, 257) describes three types of relationships: Passive the city manager plays a passive role, coordinating and supporting department heads Dominant the manager plays a dominant role, managing and controlling operations and budgets and policy and program recommendations to council Active active relationships are the third type of relationship and are the most common. The city manager will be actively involved with departments in working toward shared priorities and managing the relationship with council. The city manager or CAO has a tough job navigating between the political and administrative and faces high expectations. As described by Canadian CAOs: The CAO is the conduit between governance and employees having that sensibility around making the politics work and the business work. (StrategyCorp, 2019, 53) Being a CAO is about knowing how to live in the political world while keeping one foot firmly in the administrative world. (StrategyCorp, 2018, 36) Municipal issues are complex and interconnected, and there is constant pressure for both innovation and efficiency. Municipalities provide services directly, but they also must manage services that are contracted out or delivered through private-public partnerships or other partnership arrangements. The municipal environment is dynamic because there are multiple stakeholders with competing interests, including the public, property owners (and taxpayers), businesses, developers, nonprofits and charities, the province or territory, and the federal government. Expectations are high. Activity Have a look at the municipal organization charts listed below and or look at municipalities you are familiar with, have visited, or have lived in, and look for their organization chart on their website. It can sometimes be difficult to find you may need to look under city services, city hall, or a similar broad heading. Here are a handful to get you started: Management structure Kamloops, British Columbia is a city of about 100,000 people. It is part of the Thompson-Nicola Regional District. Organization chart City of Greater Sudbury, Ontario has 161,000 people. Corporate organization chart City of Brampton in Peel Region has a population of over 600,000 people. Organization chart City of Toronto, population of more than 2.7 million people. Reflection 1. What do the charts tell you about the structure of the administration? 2. Which model best describes each of the municipal structures? 3. Based on your knowledge of the municipality and the council, do you think that the model is a good fit? Bureaucratic Influence Bureaucrats are expected to be unbiased, objective, and nonpartisan. Nonetheless, by virtue of their position, expertise, and experience, they exert varying degrees of influence on what municipal government does and how it is done. Senior officials have the most significant influence. While elected members of council vote on policies and programs, the senior bureaucrat plays a critical role in advising the members and implementing their decisions. reports to the standing committees (and sometimes directly to council) about issues, programs, funding, or new policies. Sometimes they are asked by these committees or by council to prepare a report on an issue; other times, they take the initiative and propose a new program or policy or a change to an existing policy. They answer questions, provide information at the committee meeting, and explain why they feel the item should be approved. Once a decision has been made, they are responsible for implementing the decision. There is usually some discretion involved in implementation or policy enforcement, and the senior staff can influence the implementation. Elected councillors rely heavily on senior staff. Councillors are often part-time and rarely have the background, education, or experience in the service areas. They are responsible for a wide range of services they cannot be experts in all the service areas and they come to rely on the knowledgeable and experienced senior staff for advice and direction. Often senior staff have an opinion or perspective on the issue, and their advice is influenced by their staff s perspective on the issue. The non-parliamentary nature of council politics reinforces the influence of the bureaucracy. Political parties usually develop position statements on key policy issues these statements guide the politicians while in office. When they are elected, their platform provides guidance to the bureaucrats concerning priorities and policy directions. As previously discussed, there is no formal party politics at the municipal level, and the municipal election does not create a clear mandate for staff to follow. This discussion is not meant to suggest that senior bureaucrats run the show at municipal council. Rather, it is to illustrate their influence on the machinery of local government and decision-making processes. Accountability Structures and Officers Municipalities may also include one or more independent accountability officers. These roles have been added by municipal councils over the last 20 years as independent officers reporting directly to council. While these officers are employees of the municipality, they are not part of the bureaucracy or administration. They instead focus on distinct functions related to accountability integrity; ethics; complaints; lobbying; stewardship of resources; and open, accessible decision-making. A municipal government must act in the best interest of its community members. councillors are elected by voters and are accountable and responsive to them. But elections are every four years, and accountability is muddied by factors such as poor memory; lack of information; fragmented service and funding structures and program partnerships; and contracting out. We will explore issues of municipal accountability later in the Module 10 discussion of municipal relationships with the public. In addition to accountability through elections, some provinces and territories have provided the option in provincial municipal acts for municipalities to pass bylaws to add formal accountability functions to their municipality. For example, the 2 Ontario Municipal Act gave municipalities the authority to appoint accountability officers. In other cases, provinces have required municipalities to add or arrange for specific accountability functions. Some of the specific accountability functions are described in the following tabs and include: : Integrity Commissioner Integrity commissioners are concerned with the ethical behaviour of elected councillors and the mayor, administer the code of conduct, and provide advice to members of council about potential conflict of interest or ethical issues. Integrity commissioners have authority over municipal councils and municipal agencies, boards, and commissions. Did You Know? Toronto created the first full-time municipal integrity commissioner in 2004 following the Bellamy Inquiry into a computer leasing scandal, which is discussed in the readings for this week. Calgary appointed an integrity commissioner in 2016 with dual integrity and ethics advisory responsibility. A municipal ombudsman is an independent officer who reviews actions and decisions taken by municipal councils and their agencies, boards, and commissions. Ombudsman functions have authority to investigate complaints from the public and to initiate investigations when they feel they are warranted. The exceptions are policy decisions and financial matters (which are the responsibility of the auditor general). The City of Montreal established an ombudsman in 2002. Ontario municipalities can establish their own independent officers or choose to be covered by the Ontario ombudsman. The Ontario ombudsman has authority to review decisions of municipal ombudspersons, except for those of the Toronto officer. Halifax, Winnipeg, and Vancouver are required to have ombudsman functions by their respective provincial legislation. Auditor General A municipal auditor general is different from the internally focused municipal auditor that is part of the municipal administration and reports through a committee of council. The independent auditor general reports directly to council and helps municipal councils be accountable for the stewardship of public funds and resources. Toronto is the only Ontario municipality required, in the 2 City of Toronto Act, to have an independent auditor general. Some municipalities have moved to integrate the auditor general and internal audit functions: Winnipeg changed the responsibilities for their auditor general to include internal audit functions in 2009 as have Hamilton, Calgary, and Edmonton. British Columbia appointed a provincial auditor general in 2012 to provide the independent review function for municipalities in that province. Lobbyist Registrar Registration A lobbyist registration system requires lobbyists to register with the municipality and to comply with municipal rules, processes, and codes of conduct. Lobbyists generally must register each interaction with municipal representatives, identifying who they lobbied and why. The cities of Toronto and Hamilton have independent lobbyist registrars with responsibility for administering the process. When it was set up, Toronto s lobbyist registration was voluntary, but it was subsequently changed to mandatory. The City of Ottawa has combined the integrity commissioner and lobbyist registrar function. The City of Winnipeg originally established an integrity commissioner but expanded the role to include lobbyist registrar before the first official was appointed in early 2017. Closed Meeting Investigator Municipal acts use terms like open, transparent, and accountable to describe municipal decision-making processes. This legislation sets out strict parameters for municipalities to meet in camera in meetings that are closed to the public. The closed meeting investigator reviews municipalities to ensure that they are functioning in accordance with the closed meeting rules. The British Columbia provincial ombudsman investigates closed municipal meetings; in Ontario, the provincial ombudsman does the same, except for Toronto and Ottawa, which have independent closed meeting investigators. Accountability officers provide advice and make recommendations to municipal councils, who, in turn, have the authority to make decisions on the issues and impose any penalties or sanctions. Accountability officers have limited formal authority, but considerable power to influence public opinion (Sancton, 2017, 1). Their independence and public reports provide valuable information to municipal voters and community members. Pause and Reflect Examine your municipalities website. Does it talk about accountability to the community and voters? Does the municipality have accountability officers? If not, does it provide information for community members about how to access provincial officers who provide oversight on municipal decisions and actions? Is the information easy to find and clearly communicated? Do a bit more digging to learn if your municipality has had issues related to accountability. If so, what role did accountability officers play in investigating and resolving the issue? What Are Special Purpose Bodies and What Do They Do? In addition to municipalities, there are a number of other decision-making service delivery bodies at the municipal level known as special purpose bodies or agencies, boards, and commissions that are part of local government. Tindal . estimate that there are about 8,000 municipal special purpose bodies in Canada that control significant resources. I n many Canadian cities, more than a third of the city s operating budget is handed over to special-purpose bodies every year. (Lucas, 2013, 2) Examples include transit commissions, police services boards, hydro commissions, heritage boards, and conservation authorities. Key Point Special purpose bodies are assigned specific responsibility for a purpose or mandate; their role and powers vary depending on their area of focus. These bodies differ greatly in their role and membership. Some have service delivery responsibility while others have service delivery and policy-making powers. Special purpose bodies generally have jurisdictional boundaries that reflect municipal boundaries or the boundaries of a group of municipalities. They have a degree of autonomy from the municipal government and can be created by municipal bylaw or imposed by a province or territory through legislation. Agencies, boards, and commissions are controlled by independent boards that include elected municipal representatives, municipal appointees, provincial appointees, or a mix of each. Funding arrangements also vary they can t impose taxes and often impose user charges. They may receive significant funding from the municipal government or provincial grants. In some cases the municipality will have authority to approve the agency, board, or commission budget because it is integrated into the municipal budget; in other cases it can either approve or reject (but not adjust) the budget; and in other cases, it has no control over the budget. Why Do We Have Special Purpose Bodies? During the early reform phases (discussed in Module 2), provinces deliberately established municipal special purpose bodies to transfer power away from the municipalities to bodies that were composed of provincial appointees (e.g., the Ontario Railway and Municipal Board established in 1906). This served to undermine local democracy by taking power from locally elected representatives and giving it to provincially appointed individuals. In 1977, John Robarts, previous premier of Ontario, headed up a royal commission reviewing the municipal government in the city of Toronto s two-tier metro system. Robarts wrote: The province exercises control over many local services by delegating the responsibility for them not to councils but to special purpose bodies and further that they appear to be sub- units of provincial administration rather than units of local government administration (Ontario, 1977, 96 and 99). This tension continues with each appointment to a provincially designated municipal special purpose body. Provincially established special purpose bodies still serve to disperse decision-making about municipal services and weaken municipal councils. Municipalities have established special purpose bodies, most recently as part of new public management initiatives to move municipalities out of the business of and position them as policy makers, steering the municipality. Municipalities established new corporations and delegated responsibility to them for programs, and they established new bodies with other municipalities to manage joint programs. Municipal special purpose bodies are established by municipalities to serve municipal interests. Many of these organizations are formally incorporated, like the Toronto Transit Commission , Toronto Community Housing, and the Toronto Zoo. The municipality is the sole shareholder of the organization and sets the terms, conditions, and mandate for the special purpose body. Ontario municipalities have a number of other municipal bodies, established in response to provincial legislation and requirements, that vary in the level of control and influence in the municipality. For example, school boards are directly funded by and accountable to the Ontario government, yet school board representatives are directly elected in municipal elections. Police service boards and public health boards include some municipally elected representatives and appointed citizen members. Police boards also include provincially appointed members. Inter-municipal Agencies, Boards, or Commissions Sometimes municipalities work together to form organizations like the Association of Municipalities of Ontario , the Association of Manitoba Municipalities , or the Federation of Municipalities of Canada . Alternatively, they may collaborate with municipal neighbours by establishing an agency to address issues of joint concern. Provincially Established Municipal Special Purpose Bodies Many special purpose bodies are mandated by the province or territory. This means that there is legislation that assigns responsibility for the service to an agency, board, or commission established by the province or territory. Here are three Ontario-based examples to illustrate different types of provincially established municipal special purpose bodies. : Police Services Boards Ontario In Ontario, the Police Services Act requires the establishment of a police services board in every municipality that has a police force. The legislation describes the role, membership, and appointment of local police services boards. Boards of three, five, or seven members are required, depending on population size. The police services board in Toronto includes the mayor, two councillors, three provincial appointees, and one citizen appointee. The police chief is accountable to the board, and the board is accountable to the community as well as to the Ontario Civilian In 2019, the City of Toronto estimated that the average property owner, with a property tax of 3,020, would contribute 703.21 toward the cost of policing . Even though the City of Toronto has to raise the money to pay for policing through the property tax, they do not direct the police force or set policing policy, with three of seven votes on the police services board. Metrolinx Metrolinx is a provincial agency that was originally established as the Greater Toronto Transit Authority and included members from municipal councils in the Greater Toronto area. The GTTA was changed to Metrolinx in 2006 and given responsibility for regional transportation planning, developing a unified regional transit fare system, procurement, and duties including development and construction related to the regional transportation system. Metrolinx s 15-member board of directors is appointed by the Lieutenant Governor of Ontario on behalf of Ontario. There are no elected members of council from any of the municipalities in the Metrolinx catchment area on the board of directors, even though some of them operate municipal transit programs. The provincial agency makes decisions that have implications for municipal transit operators. For example, Metrolinx is rolling out a common electronic payment system, called Presto, across the partner transit systems. Each transit operator is concerned about a negative impact of this system on their operations. The TTC, Toronto s transit provider, published the results of a study that the TTC had lost revenues of about 4.2 M as a result of the Toronto roll-out of the payment system. In addition, Metrolinx s responsibility for transit planning and decisions about investment in new transit have implications for municipal economic development and growth. Decisions about new GO stations (a regional transit service) or frequency of transit service can influence the shape of municipalities. Metrolinx provides an example of a provincially established ABC that integrates and plans for regions (including municipalities) without decision-making involvement of the elected officials from those municipalities. You have read about the Ontario Municipal Board in earlier modules. Other provinces have similar independent oversight bodies established to monitor and make some decisions related to municipalities. The OMB was established in 1906 as the Ontario Railway and Municipal Board to oversee the finances of municipalities and supervise the railways, which were, at the time, the main source of transport between municipalities. Eventually, the OMB gained more responsibility to adjudicate in cases of dispute related to some regulations, planning, and development. Interestingly, it has retained authority to approve municipal borrowing for capital expenditures for all Ontario municipalities! The OMB was controversial in its role as the appeal body in the case of a dispute over a municipal decision. It was used most frequently to challenge decisions regarding zoning and planning matters, but Module 4 described how a councillor appealed to the OMB regarding the decision on Toronto ward boundaries. In 2018, Ontario replaced the OMB by giving municipalities the authority to establish independent local planning appeal tribunals in accordance with provincial legislation. Toronto set up a Toronto Local Planning Appeal Tribunal to assume some of the functions previously provided by the OMB, including appeals on a range of planning and land matters. In 2019, Ontario announced changes to the LPAT process instead of referring appeals back to the municipality for further consideration if the tribunal disagreed with the municipal decision, the LPAT would have the authority to make the final and binding decision. In effect, they were given the powers of the old OMB, which led to widespread criticism of that provincial agency. This is a good example of how agencies can be used and adapted based on political interests in this case, based on provincial interests. Are Special Purpose Bodies Good for Local Government? There is considerable debate whether special purpose bodies are good for local government. Supporters argue that some services, such as policing, may be too sensitive to leave in the hands of elected officials and they appreciate the mixed board structure that includes at least one community representative. Others support the focus and attention to a service area or issue given by a special purpose body and to the assignment of responsibility to appointees with expertise and knowledge of the issue area. Municipalities have wide and broad responsibility. Assigning some of that responsibility to a special purpose agency will bring attention and clear focus to that service and, at the same time, will give municipal councils more time and energy to address their core functions. The result may be more effective and more efficient service delivery. Critics counter that it is undemocratic to take power from elected officials who have been chosen by the public to represent them and assign it to appointed individuals with no direct accountability. Unelected special purpose bodies may not be responsive to public concerns. The existence of so many bodies can lead to confusion among residents about how local government works. Transparency in decision-making processes may vary among municipal agencies, contributing to confusion and concerns about accountability. Similar questions of accountability can be directed to the composition of the boards. Should they include elected or appointed members or both? What about provincial boards established in municipal areas should they include municipal representatives, either elected or appointed? Accountability is also important in funding. Municipalities contribute to many agencies, boards, and commissions but don t always have a say in how the resources are used. Provincially established municipal agencies bring additional benefits and challenges. If the agency crosses municipal boundaries, it has potential to bring attention and leadership to a shared issue of concern. It is possible that a provincially established municipal agency will have access to provincial funds that otherwise wouldn t have been available. Moreover, in situations where there is conflict among municipalities, a provincially established municipal agency may be able to negotiate a resolution. Provincial special purpose bodies are often seen to be a way of weakening local councils and extending provincial control This happens through the establishment of the agency and in the ongoing appointment of provincial nominees to the board of the special purpose body. There is no local accountability for the actions of provincial municipal agencies the accountability is to the province. Community members, confused by municipal agencies and the municipality, will be further confused by the existence of provincially established agencies at the municipal level. As the examples showed, there is potential for conflict and tension about political agendas and priorities and funding. Provincially established municipal agencies reduce scope for municipal decision-making autonomy John Robarts, quoted earlier, recommended that all special purpose bodies be abolished and that responsibility for the issue areas should be given back to municipalities. Pause and Reflect Look again at your municipal website. Does the website identify any municipally established special purpose bodies? If so, what do they do and how do they connect with the municipality? Are there some agencies, boards, and commissions that you know about that aren t listed on the website? Why? What about provincial special purpose bodies? Is there information on the municipal website about them? If not, is it easy to identify them and learn more? Finally, do you think there are more advantages or disadvantages to having municipal special purpose bodies? What about provincially established municipal agencies, boards, and commissions are you pro or con? Summary This module completes our look at the machinery of local government. It showed that municipal councils may be the elected decision-makers in local government, but agencies, boards, and commissions also make important decisions about key municipal services and programs. The module distinguished between municipally and provincially established special purpose bodies that are active at the municipal level and considered the implications for municipal authority and autonomy. Staff support informed decision-making and implement directions from council they too play an important role in shaping and influencing decisions and implementation. The different administrative models show different relationships between senior staff and municipal councils, with implications for authority and influence. The module introduced accountability officers senior staff appointed directly by municipal council who report directly to council. These accountability officers are independent municipal employees and are not part of the administration. Not all municipalities have these functions, but many are covered by officers providing some of the functions at the provincial or territorial level. The machinery of local government is complex and dynamic. It changes over time based on events and actions, our understanding of local government, and the relationships between the elected representatives, the administration, and the agencies, boards, and commissions. The assignment Municipal Decision-Making due at the end of this course week will give you the opportunity to further reflect on the machinery of local government. The municipal administration is a key element of the machinery of local government. The administrative models have evolved over time based on a number of pressures, including the relationship with council. Most municipalities follow a city manager (or CAO) model. The city manager plays an important leadership role in the municipality, straddling the political and administrative and juggling a range of challenging issues. Municipal accountability functions include integrity commissioners, municipal ombudspersons, auditor generals, lobbyist registrars, and closed meeting investigators. These may be internal to the municipality, reporting directly to council and separate from municipal administrations, or provided by the province or territory for all municipalities. Municipal agencies, boards, and commissions play important roles in delivering a range of local services and programs. They can be established by the municipality or by a province or territory to cover one or more municipalities. While there are clear benefits to special purpose bodies, there are also some important challenges related to accountability, transparency, and autonomy. Next week we will begin the first of three modules that examine municipal relationships. will explore intergovernmental relationships municipal relationships with the federal, provincial, and territorial governments. Week 5 Discussion Note: There is no discussion this week to give you additional time to focus on your assignment. However, you are encouraged to share your thoughts on this week s content in the optional Week 5 Discussion area. Were you surprised by any of the content or readings? What did you learn about your local municipality and its administration, accountability officers, or agencies, boards, and commissions? Share your thoughts and comments on one or more of the Pause and Reflect questions in this module. Note: You can access the Discussion Forums and Topics from the Communications menu in your D2L course. Please make sure that your participation in all discussion forums adheres to the Toronto Metropolitan University online etiquette guidelines listed in the Course Outline. Assignment Assignment 1 is due at the end of this course week Friday by p.m. See the Assignments section of the Course Materials area in D2L for details. Couture, J. and Breux, S. . Do responsiveness and accountability matter at the municipal level? In Breux, S. and Couture, J. (Eds.), Accountability and responsiveness at the municipal level: Views from Canada. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen s University Press. Dassonneville, R. . Accountability and responsiveness at the municipal level: Limitations and opportunities. In Breux, S. and Couture, J. (Eds.), Accountability and responsiveness at the municipal level: Views from Canada. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen s University Press. Kernaghan, K. and Siegel, D. . Public administration in Canada, (3rd ed.) (). Toronto: Nelson Canada. Lucas, J. . Hidden in plain view: Local agencies, boards, and commissions in Canada PDF . Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. (1977, June). Report of the Royal Commission on Metropolitan Toronto, volume 2 PDF . . Canadian local government: An urban perspective, (2nd ed.). Don Mills, Ontario: Oxford University Press. Sancton, A. . Accountability officers and integrity in Canadian municipal government PDF . Finance and Governance, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. , Lyons, J. and Graham, K. . Local government in practice: Cases in governance, planning, and policy. Toronto: Emond Montgomery Publications, Ltd. Tindal, C. R., Tindal, S. N., Stewart, K. and Smith, P. J. . Local government in Canada, (9th ed.). Scarborough: Nelson Education. Toronto. . How your 2019 tax dollars worked. (2019, September 3). Bill 108: New processes and rules for the Local Planning Appeal Tribunal. ELTO News. Ontario. Retrieved from tribunal","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:57:52.174Z","createdAt":"2026-02-07T08:58:21.142Z"},{"id":161,"originalName":"urban-politics-local-government-in-canada.pdf","displayName":"urban-politics-local-government-in-canada.pdf","objectPath":"/School/1. TMU/Courses/2026/Winter/CPPA122 - Local Politics/Week 5 - Feb 7-13/Module/urban-politics-local-government-in-canada.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":0,"folder":"week-5-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":6,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Municipal Governing Structureficiency and accountability: these values have been central to the discourse on reforming local governing structures in Canada, and more generally, over the past several decades. For LSE ANU s Peter Self, they are zero-sum related: the more you seek to add to efficiency, the more you detract from the accountability side of the equation, or visa versa. This applies to reform efforts around metropolitan amalgama- tions as in Halifax, Ottawa, or Toronto; it also applies to pressures on local governments to engage in more P3s (public-private partnerships) for the delivery of local services, and it impacts new public management debates about reforms to municipal governing structures. Many of the governing models used over recent years and the phi- losophies underlying them have focused more on efficiency and coor- dination in the delivery of services to the relative neglect of the political, representative, and accountability aspects that are (or should be) equally a concern of municipal governments. Self has called this efficiency- accountability dilemma the question in all of public administration.1 Introduction An examination of how municipalities are governed logically starts with their internal governing machinery, and particularly the way councils and staff are organized and interrelate. A number of different governing structures have been found in Canada s municipalities over the years, each with particular strengths or shortcomings. Institutional structure is 1 Peter Self, Administrative Theories and Politics, London, UK: Allen and Unwin, 1977, 79. Municipal Governing Structures 225 important because it is the vehicle through which the basic purposes and values a society wishes to pursue through local government are carried out. It is thus presumed that institutions matter that political and policy outcomes will differ
Apr 06 08:15:12 raspberrypi node[7671]:  as institutional structure differs. 2 A number of variations on the basic municipal structure have been introduced over the years. These institutional reforms have usually been a response to changes in the prevailing values and roles associated with municipal government and, in turn, the new structures arising from the reforms have their own impacts on the local level and the distribution of power within it. As will become evident, much of that impact tended to affect adversely the representative, political, and accountability aspects of In recent years, the focus has shifted from municipal institutions to new governing arrangements that increasingly extend to organizations and operations outside formal municipal structure. This broader focus reflects the growing appreciation of the distinction between govern- ment and governance, a distinction briefly introduced in Chapter 1 and referred to several times since.3 Government refers to the formal institu- tions of the state, election arrangements, and decision-making processes. Governance is a broader term that refers to the relationships between the formal institutions of government and civil society.4 Governance is more flexible (and less well defined) and can embrace a wide variety of rela- tionships. Local government, therefore, refers to democratically elected In contrast, local governance encompasses these governing structures as well as other public, private, and voluntary bodies that are harnessed to address com- munity needs. Some view the concept of local governance as little more than a device for shifting responsibilities from local governments to the private and voluntary sectors a means of offloading expenditures or providing an opening for private companies to pick up business. A more positive view is that local governance is not a replacement for local government but an additional mechanism for achieving broader cooperation and coordination 2 Harold Wolman, Local Government Institutions and Democratic Governance, in David Judge, Gerry Stoker, and Harold Wolman, Theories of Urban Politics, London, UK: Sage Publications, 1995, . 3 The discussion of terms that follows is an amalgam of definitions and comparisons provided by Robin Hambleton, Hank V. Savitch, and Murray Stewart (eds.), Globalism and Local Democracy, London, UK: Palgrave Publishers Ltd., 2002, 51; H.V. Savitch and Paul Kantor, Cities in the International Marketplace, Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2002, 30; and Mario Pol se and Richard Stren (eds.), The Social Sustainability of Cities, Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 2000, 20. 4 For a relatively recent discussion of civil society aspects, see Peter McKinlay, Who Builds Civil Society, MDL Monthly Insights, Auckland, New Zealand, July 2015. at the local level. More insights into the nature of local governance will be provided in the next two chapters. The Machinery of Municipal Government Before venturing into the larger and less distinct world of local gover- nance, let s begin with the machinery of local government. More spe- cifically, we will examine the machinery of municipal government not including the structures that may be found amongst the wide variety of agencies, boards, and commissions that form part of local government. On the surface, this approach sounds quite straightforward, and the basic structure of municipal government is certainly simpler than that found at the provincial and federal levels, with their separate executive and legislative branches. There aren t separate branches of government at the municipal level; responsibilities are concentrated in the elected council and are carried out by appointed staff who are mostly organized into a number of functionally specialized departments. he powers assigned to a municipality are exercised on behalf of its resi- dents and ratepayers by a council elected by them. Provincial legislation usually includes provisions for the form of council and such details as the number of councillors and whether election is by general vote (at-large) or by ward (a distinction discussed below). legislation passed in most provinces over the past decade (and discussed in Chapter 6) often gives municipalities somewhat more discretion with respect to such matters. Municipal councils consist of a head (known as warden or chair in counties and other upper-tier governments; mayor in cities and towns; and reeve, chair, or overseer in villages and townships) and a widely varying number of councillors. While the total membership varies greatly, there has been a tendency to have small councils of from 5 to 15 members, largely on the grounds that a small group is less unwieldy and more efficient in making decisions with the more recent exceptions being amalgamated megacities such as Toronto. Members of council are expected to represent the local community and act on its behalf although that role is not nearly as simple or straightforward as it sounds, as discussed below. They also exercise a policy-making role through which they determine services and service levels, approve budgets, enact rules and regulations, and generally shape the local community and the quality of life within it. A third general role of councillors is managerial (for want of a better term), and it involves Chapter 8 Municipal Governing Structures 227 providing an oversight of municipal operations to ensure that policies are implemented as intended, funds are expended as authorized, and pro- grams are delivered efficiently and effectively. This local politician civic staff relationship is sometimes a bit more nuanced, with suggestions that permanent professional staff can at times have more policy sway than is generally understood.5 THE REPRESENTATIVE ROLE OF MEMBERS OF COUNCIL The roles of councillors in making policy and overseeing implementation of policy by municipal staff receive a good deal of emphasis and will be explored in a subsequent section on council-staff relations. But it is a con- sistent theme of this text that the representative role of municipal govern- ment is most important, and it is the elected members of council who fulfill this role, well or poorly. The longstanding bias in favour of small councils makes it more likely that they will not represent adequately the diversity of the population. Relatively small councils are even found in many of Canada s largest municipalities. For example, Vancouver has a mayor and 10 councillors, and Edmonton has had 12 councillors (plus a mayor) since","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-06T11:58:10.738Z","createdAt":"2026-02-10T03:10:04.603Z"},{"id":162,"originalName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","displayName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/1a42fa1a-3b82-4621-aeeb-ae620c6fdb53","contentType":"application/pdf","size":100000,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-03-11T05:15:59.835Z"},{"id":163,"originalName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","displayName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/c61a1211-2108-40b5-9e53-49cf79005873","contentType":"application/pdf","size":308370,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":0,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-03-11T05:16:14.998Z"},{"id":164,"originalName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","displayName":"Assignment_2_-_Policy_Paper.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/7de368e1-9d53-44d2-b81c-d20991691281","contentType":"application/pdf","size":308370,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":6,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:09:26.723Z","createdAt":"2026-03-11T05:16:25.339Z"},{"id":172,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/83188d9a-4120-478c-b387-c23051c5b8cd","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:09:54.997Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T13:03:33.762Z"},{"id":173,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/57d12a66-8c56-4b7f-b4e8-4df3a0d40a33","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:10:23.572Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T14:06:12.499Z"},{"id":174,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/47e96bc5-8ec6-4837-987f-48fc09a13418","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:11:02.552Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:24:53.108Z"},{"id":175,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/5743ffaf-6721-49d7-b709-9f46cda93e0f","contentType":"application/pdf","size":285975,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:11:31.314Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:27:51.475Z"},{"id":176,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/da551f22-fd31-4a74-bf0a-1aeb550595b2","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:12:06.028Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:34:38.528Z"},{"id":177,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/4af7b3d8-fd79-46b8-b2fe-309ab2d25307","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:12:30.159Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T17:57:12.465Z"},{"id":178,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/786bffb0-ae6f-4957-a3a1-8f1b52651841","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:12:55.022Z","createdAt":"2026-04-04T18:11:58.132Z"},{"id":179,"originalName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CASL Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/objects/uploads/cb202050-59b0-4ae4-8979-ba1079138a26","contentType":"application/pdf","size":453977,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-05T14:13:19.274Z","createdAt":"2026-04-05T00:26:35.479Z"}]
Apr 06 08:15:52 raspberrypi node[7671]: [AudioPrep] Generating chunk 45/52 for CPPA122, Module 8 - Introduction.pdf (140 chars)
Apr 06 08:16:26 raspberrypi node[7671]: [AudioPrep] Generating chunk 5/123 for IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf (1670 chars)
Apr 06 08:17:00 raspberrypi node[7671]: [AudioPrep] Generating chunk 17/123 for IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf (1430 chars)
Apr 06 08:17:11 raspberrypi node[7671]: [AudioPrep] Generating chunk 21/123 for IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf (1350 chars)
Apr 06 08:17:14 raspberrypi node[7671]: [AudioPrep] Generating chunk 22/123 for IMFG_Paper_No47_Power_and_Purpose_Taylor_Dobson.pdf (1160 chars)