l transform, as artificial-intelligence and machine- learning applications and monitoring technologies are used in all manner of repetitive or inspection-related processes, especially those guided by rules, established policies, standard conditions, and precedents. Just as asphalt-laying crews and meter-readers were displaced by paving machines and automated meter reading in the 20 century, technology will improve productivity in labour-intensive functions. Whether it is incremental change, like replacing site visits with digital video inspections, or more structural change, driven by AI and remote-monitoring technologies. Process reforms will produce quicker, more consistent, and less idiosyncratic decisions on everything from business licensing and re-zonings to asset management and inspections. Mirroring the banking and travel industries, which have displaced much of their routine in-person interaction with clients, municipal workforces must reskill. Fewer but more productive municipal employees will serve an increasingly larger and more sophisticated online clientele. The workforce that remains should be more diverse, in all aspects of that term. Fortunately, the 21 century needs of municipalities will make diversity objectives much more achievable than they were with a 20 century workforce built around seniority, fixed employee benefits, employment guarantees, and traditional skills. Finally, municipal governments should adopt the so-called commissioning model in the UK and EU, a model described in an excellent 2017 article by Taylor and Migone, then at Institute of Public Administration of Canada. With commissioning , municipal governments play their role by ensuring that services and infrastructure are available on reasonable terms to their communities, their residents and their businesses, rather than assuming they must be provided by direct, monopoly delivery employing municipal facilities and municipal workers, financed by taxpayers. New models of policing and public safety Nineteenth century models of policing and fire suppression will need to evolve delivery models that reflect today s public safety priorities. For example, responding to preponderant incidence of health-related emergencies, especially as the Baby Boomer cohort ages. These new delivery models will also be needed to address social, mental illness, substance abuse, and family crisis situations with responses more suitable for those calls for emergency assistance. Rather than defunding police, we can expect to see measures to produce a new workplace culture in policing. This new culture should begin with embedding within the police workforce staff who have other professional perspectives on dealing with public safety and calls for service. Modernizing policing will need to reflect four pillars of reform: Becoming a learning organization that aligns its values and leadership priorities throughout the staff complement, and dissipates the informal education of front-line constables Re-engineering the hierarchical structure of police organizations to reflect contemporary priorities (mental health issues, technological advances, etc) A risk-based approach to planning and staff deployment, with a focus on community collaboration, public health and social services (e.g., the comprehensive approach successfully employed by Karyn McCluskey with violent crime and gangs in Scotland) ; and Despite reallocation of some police resources and the introduction of new contemporary priorities, preserving within policing a robust capacity for th st th\n\n\n[Page 4]\neffective law enforcement and criminal investigations, with a focus on value- for-investment, outputs and outcomes. We could also see an overdue and successful societal effort, led by municipal councils with recently announced federal support, to reduce the level of urban handgun possession. Success in treating the scourge of handgun deaths and injuries, as more of a public health issue than a criminal matter, would certainly change the character and reduce the risk-profile of many urgent responses by both police and other agencies. In our next article, we will look at another six developments on the post-2020 action agenda for municipal governments. Dr. Robert P. Taylor and Dr. Andrea Migone, From Procurement to the Commissioning of Public Services , Canadian Government Executive magazine, Nov. 6, 2017; found at: procurement-to-the-commissioning-of-public-services Karyn McCluskey, Report on the first 9 years outcome of the Community Safety Glasgow initiative , (Glasgow, Scotland: 2016); Found at: years-on.pdf There are also a number of TED talks that she has given in which she describes her initiative and what led to its success. Here s a 15 min video that sums up her approach to such a complex problem: Found at: David Hemenway, professor of health policy and director of the Harvard Injury Control Research Center, Why is gun violence a public health issue? , T.H. Chan School of Public Health, Harvard University (Cambridge MA: December 2015); video found at: gun-violence-a-public-health-issue Want to read more? Insights Phone 1-866-231-6\n\n\n[Page 5]\nCareers Privacy Policy Accessibility Contact 24 7 Crisis response 2 StrategyCorp A Canadian Company","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"/tts-audio/prep-225-chunk-0-1776479449642.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-225-chunk-1-1776479451601.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-225-chunk-2-1776479453193.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-225-chunk-3-1776479455025.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-225-chunk-4-1776479456979.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-225-chunk-5-1776479458999.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-225-chunk-6-1776479460556.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-225-chunk-7-1776479462355.mp3\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:31:03.156Z","createdAt":"2026-04-06T08:43:35.539Z"},{"id":226,"originalName":"Municipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond_ Part Two - StrategyCorp.pdf","displayName":"Municipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond_ Part Two - StrategyCorp.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775479415693-Municipal_Priorities_for_2020_and_Beyond__Part_Two_-_StrategyCorp.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":140661,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":8,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"[Page 1]\nMunicipal Priorities for 2020 and Beyond: Part Two August 17, 2 Economy and Jobs, Institute By Michael Fenn and John Matheson, with contributions from members of In our recent article, our review of the impact of the events of 2020 ended with the questions: Where does this leave municipal governments? What does the future hold? What items need to be on the action agenda of municipal governments? We said that there were at least eight developments on the near- term horizon, and we described two in Part One (changes to the municipal workforce and new models of policing and public safety). There are at least six other sets of priorities for you to consider. New directions in community planning and housing The nature of land use planning in Canada will need to meet new imperatives. Working remotely seems positioned to be the new normal for many employers. If employees have the freedom to work from wherever they choose, where will they choose to live, if jobs are no longer the reason people cluster in large urban centres. Policy alone will not constrain people using more employment options and improved inter urban transit to seek better housing value and prices outside major urban centres.\n\n\n[Page 2]\nIf remote work is here to say, will municipalities try to attract a new generation to move away from cities? What inducements and amenities will they offer businesses and millennial families? How should major urban centres respond? Municipalities and provincial authorities will need to accept that facilitating de concentration is a higher priority than trying to contain sprawl . But how do they do it by revitalizing slow growth communities and while preserving our agriculture, natural heritage, and urban core vitality? A new look for transportation and mobility With the post COVID impact of remote work and de concentration, we may see highways and city streets with less gridlock. Roads may still be busy but may be below design capacity. However, single passenger automobiles may increasingly be displaced by a wave of new types of transportation, especially if a vaccine or mitigation measures make it safer to share vehicles. As automated vehicles, ride sharing, ride hailing (e.g. Uber) and vehicle sharing make up a greater share of commuting and travel, we will need less space allocated to parking individual motor vehicles, both at home and at community commercial centres. Automobile and pick up truck ownership may decline. Gas station sites and car dealerships and plazas with acres of roadside parking will be progressively displaced by innocuous rapid charging stations, internet-based vehicle acquisition, and retail formats not focused on shoppers arriving in their own cars. Anticipating this liberation of stale land uses, municipalities should plan to free up prime urban real estate locations for creative place making. Rapid transit will be increasingly automated and integrated, along with its fare paying regimes and fare media . In public transit, many under patronized suburban bus routes and rapid transit feeder bus systems should be supplanted by a range of jitneys and ride hailing services, overcoming a barrier to increased transit use by reducing the elapsed time to the train station or other major destinations. If municipal governments manage the transformation creatively, it will expand mobility options for workers, adolescents, seniors, the economically disadvantaged, the disabled and remote residents. Existing zoning by laws and density targets should be re evaluated to meet the market driven housing demands of Baby Boomers and Gen X families, neither of whom seem to favour dense, costly, urban core houses and condominiums. In the case of aging seniors and those with chronic disease, provincial and municipal land use planning, housing, and healthcare strategies should aim to avoid both hospitalization and traditional models of long term care, while new models of seniors housing and nursing care evolve. Renewing local democracy and public engagement Digitally enabled public engagement has been a novel feature of the lockdown for municipal councils and for their efforts to reach their constituents. In fact, digitization has had a salutary effect in many instances, enhancing the quality of local democracy. Online engagement with the public allows a broader consultation in real time, discouraging the occasional theatrics of traditional public meetings, while ensuring that a broader range of voices can be heard. Online meetings dilute the loudest voice effect at the public forum. They also appear to favour more digitally assisted advance preparation by decision makers. Digital engagement overcomes one of the fundamental shortcomings in contemporary public consultation, since citizens who are disenfranchised, commuters, busy parents, or the peripherally involved, can participate equally and equitably. In other words, this digitally enabled wider consultation helps to balance the vested interest (like NIMBY) against the broader public interest, highlighting more diffuse benefits that might accrue to the community. All of this makes it quicker and easier to organize and hold public meetings, with a corresponding improvement in the timeliness (and often the quality) of decisions. As we have seen with the Black Lives Matter movement, it also facilitates social media driven marshalling of like minded people to demonstrate in response to events and to advocate for reform, often without requiring formal organizational structure or traditional issue leadership.\n\n\n[Page 3]\nRather than rewarding delay and elaborate process, the new public engagement and digital decision making puts a premium on informed, evidence supported action. It can deliver refreshingly decisive, timely decision making, although it does risk the reduced accountability and due diligence born of haste. That is not to say it is not without its challenges. Many lament the loss of human contact, the ability to read the room, and to facilitate corridor discussions to bridge between the differences of parties. Most agree, however, that we have come a long way in just a few months. As familiarity with the use of digital meeting software grows through the population, the potential for their use in municipal contexts continues to grow. Rather than returning to past practices after the 2020 crises ebb, municipalities should continue to embrace and improve the use of the tools they have pioneered. Local democracy will be better for it. New fiscal realities Conventional on street or in mall retail will be in steep decline, and many industrial, hospitality, entertainment and office commercial enterprises will shrink in numbers, size, and significance. The real estate foundation of the municipal tax base must evolve. If not, municipalities face the vice grip of a declining non- residential tax base and an inability to tax growing segments of their local regional economy, notably global digital enterprises (which have small property assessment footprints). The municipal world needs to advocate for a better fiscal framework, based on the new economy. Development levies will inevitably play less of a role in rebuilding existing infrastructure to higher, more resilient standards, and in building new types of digital and transportation infrastructure to serve the whole community. Municipal fiscal plans and municipal accounting will need to consider more consistently the funding and financing infrastructure over its useful life, based on life cycle costing and beneficiary contributions, as well as employing well designed public private partnerships (P3s) as options. A new style of municipal service delivery Municipal service delivery patterns for both hard services and soft services will increasingly reflect their regional nature and the regional footprint of the everyday lives of their citizens and clients, as will efforts to attract employment creating investment to the economic region. From stormwater to emergency response to social inequality, a regional catchment area and economies of scale will be needed to address increasingly severe incidents like storm events and health emergencies, as well as the corrosive effects of economic disparity, unsupportable housing costs and a discouraging business environment. These events clearly ignore local municipal boundaries and they can only be addressed with an integrated regional approach. Responding to these new service delivery imperatives calls for new delivery and governance models. To reduce the inherent limitations of any monopoly, the UK and EU have pioneered the practice of commissioning public services, whether delivered by public bodies or contracted entities. A commissioning model allows a public authority to hold responsible those who deliver services, ensuring that they meet performance objectives, failing which they can mandate service improvements or change delivery agents. Municipalities should adopt this approach, as a key set of tools to achieve their other post 2020 priorities. A new, fit to purpose structure of local government An increasingly unsustainable municipal tax base may also drive municipal and provincial governments into a more fundamental and overdue re evaluation of the roles played by local government. If so, the discussion should not begin with simply a who does what reassignment of functional and fiscal responsibilities, as in the past. It should begin with a determination of which responsibilities of government are best planned, managed and delivered by local governments, and then funding them appropriately and sustainably in the new economy. That re examination should extend to consideration of the current and traditional range\n\n\n[Page 4]\nof local government functions and services, to ensure that obsolescent roles are phased out, current roles redefined, and emerging roles are anticipated and embraced proactively. After 2020, a prominent consideration in any re evaluation of responsibilities will be distinguishing and coordinating the roles of municipal government and the public health care system. This will include a realistic assessment of their respective abilities to fund their responsibilities in fields like long term care, hospital capital funding, public health, physician recruitment in under served areas, land ambulance, and social and children s services. Only after these determinations are made, there should be an evaluation of the ability of existing local government structures to do the jobs they are asked to do: form (and funding) should follow function. Conclusions To our list of eight impending changes and new priorities, municipal leaders could add other developments and trends visible on the horizon or unique to their region. The overall message here is not to predict these changes. It is rather to urge municipal governments to be realistic and clear sighted in their expectations. They must be anticipatory and proactive as they organize to deal with them. Municipal leaders must also have the courage to surmount traditional roadblocks to reform, both though vision and where appropriate, through institutional, political, cultural, and managerial reforms. Want to read more? Insights Phone 1-866-231-6 Careers Privacy Policy Accessibility Contact 24 7 Crisis response 2 StrategyCorp A Canadian Company","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"/tts-audio/prep-226-chunk-0-1776479464317.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-226-chunk-1-1776479477475.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-226-chunk-2-1776479479274.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-226-chunk-3-1776479481079.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-226-chunk-4-1776479483283.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-226-chunk-5-1776479485242.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-226-chunk-6-1776479498818.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-226-chunk-7-1776479500623.mp3\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:31:41.423Z","createdAt":"2026-04-06T08:43:35.694Z"},{"id":227,"originalName":"out.pdf","displayName":"out.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775479415911-out.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":246983,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":6,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"[Page 1]\nKen Coates is Canada Research Chair in Regional Innovation at the Johnson-Shoyama Graduate School of Public Policy, University of Saskatchewan. His work focuses on the development of strate- gies to promote 21st century well-being in small town, rural, Indigenous, and remote Canada. His major project examines the potential contributions and negative impacts of emerging tech- remote communities. He can be reached at kennethcoates gmail. com or at 306-341-0545. Canada s thousands of small cities, towns, and villages have the right to feel beleaguered these days. The western industrial world is in the middle of a profound process of mass urbanization. Over half of the global population is now urban. Led by the soaring growth rates in major cities in the develop- ing world, that urban-rural balance is set to top even more decisively in the coming decades. For countless smaller centres across Canada, these are worrying times, to be sure. Economic growth has slowed or reversed in most communities, particu- larly in rural areas and resource-dependent towns. Out-migration continues apace. Industrial down- sizing has resulted in numerous factory closures, often stripping communities of one of their largest employers. In recent months, the announcement of a series of sawmill shutdowns in British Columbia sent shockwaves across the province. There are bright spots, to be sure, led by creative new-economy hotspots that are finding creative ways to respond to economic change. Many of these cen- tres a large number of which are booming are in the suburban fringe around major centres. Beauty spots are quite well, propelled by investments in recreational properties, lone eagle entrepreneurs attracted by quality of life opportunities, and the global magnetism of this country s many natural wonders. But the list of communities at risk is longer than the one of prominent success stories. Canadians should not underestimate the nature of the transition that is underway. Most if not all of national job growth has been concentrated in a small number of major cities. Major infrastructure investments are centred in the cities, where there is also formidable home and retail construction activ- ity. Immigrants gather in the larger centres, with few venturing out to small communities and many of those that do subsequently re-migrate to other cit- ies. The nation s research-intensive universities and polytechnics compete with the best in the world. Post-secondary institutions in the smaller communi- ties, however, struggle to attract enough students. Shift toward the City-State Economy We are on the cusp, nationally and globally, of a permanent shift toward a city-state economy, in which metropolitan areas extend their domination over their regions and, equally important, establish an international presence with fewer and fewer ties to the surrounding lands. Toronto does not depend as much as in the past on the vitality of Owen Sound or North Bay. Similarly, Vancouver s robust, outward-looking economy is increasingly disconnected economically and psychologically from the financial well-being of Kamloops, Prince George, or Cranbrook. City states look globally for competitors and opportunities. This is not a uniquely Canadian phenomenon and can be seen playing out in nations around the world. Japan s smaller centres are in free-fall; there are hundreds of thousands of abandoned homes in rural areas. Much the same is also true across Europe. Rural anger is spreading about precipitous economic decline, the flight of young people to City states and the future of Canada s smaller communities SEPTEMBER 2019 MUNICIPAL WORLD 1\n\n\n[Page 2]\ncjdleng.com MUNICIPAL ENGINEERING CJDL has extensive reconstruction projects. We strive to ensure long term planning objectives are considered with replacement and upgrades to all servicing. the cities, and the absence of effective government policies to offset the dif- ficult transition, repeating a political process that gained currency in the U.S. in recent years. Mega-cities have become the norm, in countries rich and poor, from Tokyo and London to Nairobi and Mumbai. It is not as though the city states are uniformly overjoyed by the effects of this transformation. The list of problems is substantial: soaring housing prices in the major centres, intense competition for tradespeople in the construction fields, rental home shortages, ever-larger traffic jams, policing challenges, infrastructure shortfalls, and the myriad issues related to massive, globally driven economic transformation. Rapid growth is as dif- ficult to manage as precipitous economic dislocation. But governments, including at the federal and provincial levels in Canada, have been much more respon- sive to the needs of the cities than the slow and seemingly inexorable decline of smaller towns. Forces this large are difficult to over- come. Capital is flowing into the cities along with hundreds of thousands of people. Single-industry towns compete with dozens of others across the country for government attention. Technological transitions are seemingly accelerating rural and small-town decline at the same time that they are driving up growth and employment in urban-centre, high tech-based cities. Let us not expect a rapid and definitive solution to what has become a complex and accelerating challenge. Small Communities Face Numerous Challenges It is vital to recognize, further, that the primary challenge exists at the local level and not with provincial and federal governments. Identifying a competitive and sustainable strategy for economic development requires much more than a successful grant application, creative tax arrangements, or a new policy initia- tive. Smaller communities that make the transition to the world of a city-state economy focus on local transformation more than the recruitment of a single new factory. The transformation can take many forms, but comprehensive community engagement is essential. People have to recognize the real challenges facing their community and have to buy into the idea of a comprehensive rethinking of future possibilities. Young people have to be convinced that they are part of the transformation and that they have a clear role in the decades ahead. Chambers of commerce and key community lead- ers must put their weight, their time, and their resources behind a sustained effort to position the local area for a competitive future. Finally, communities have to take region-wide approaches to economic planning, recognizing that no single village, town, or small city has the resources to capture the opportunities that lie in the offing. What can small cities do next? For now, attention in Canada s smaller cities, towns, and villages could focus on three things: the development of a nationwide awareness of the challenges being experienced by non-metropolitan areas (and making sure that this becomes a major issue in the 2019 federal elec- tion), identifying and celebrating best local practices in responding to the formidable economic forces at play, and pressing for concerted national strategies for the revitalization and preservation of the small town fabric of Canada. We need to identify the problem, show that many smaller communities have strategies for competing globally, and work together to create a comprehensive Canadian plan to ensure that this coun- try does not continue along the path toward a truly city-state economy. This is the primary challenge of our time for rural areas, towns, and small cities. MW Young people have to be convinced that they are part of the transformation and that they have a clear role in the decades ahead. 12 MUNICIPAL WORLD SEPTEMBER 2\n\n\n[Page 3]\nReproduced with permission of copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"/tts-audio/prep-227-chunk-0-1776479502584.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-227-chunk-1-1776479504467.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-227-chunk-2-1776479506087.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-227-chunk-3-1776479507902.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-227-chunk-4-1776479510227.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-227-chunk-5-1776479511718.mp3\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:31:52.519Z","createdAt":"2026-04-06T08:43:35.913Z"},{"id":228,"originalName":"PUBLIC OPINION RESEARCH REPORT.pdf","displayName":"PUBLIC OPINION RESEARCH REPORT.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775479416081-PUBLIC_OPINION_RESEARCH_REPORT.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":542701,"folder":"week-11-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":3,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-06T08:43:36.082Z"},{"id":229,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 11 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 11 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775479417594-CFNF400__Module_11_-_Learning_Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":383263,"folder":"week-11-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"[Page 1]\n1. Assess the ways in which societal attitudes present obstacles to the expression of sexuality among people with disabilities. 2. Identify and discuss common myths and misperceptions regarding the sexuality of people with disabilities. 3. Describe the roles health professionals can play in promoting the sexual health of people with disabilities. Topic Overview Millions of Canadians live with either physical or developmental disabilities that impact on sexuality. Nearly all education and health professionals will be working, in one capacity or another, with clients with disabilities. Although there is a persistent and damaging myth that people with disabilities are somehow less sexual than other people, research has shown that, for example, most children with disabilities will experience sexual activity by early adulthood . Despite this, few youth with disabilities receive sexual health education suited to their needs (Holland-Hall and Quint, 2017; Schmidt, Brown, and Darragh, 2020). Thus, it is important for us to have a basic understanding of the ways that disabilities impact on sexuality and to provide the necessary health care and education to equip people with disabilities with the relevant information, motivation, and skills to overcome the obstacles to healthy sexual expression that they often face. Terminology: Identity-First and Person-First Language People with disability often have a strong preference for either person-first language (e.g., person with a disability) or identity-first language (e.g., disabled person). Person-first language became popular as a way to put the person first and not define a person by a disability they have. The use of person-first language was meant to promote the equality and dignity of people with disabilities. The American Psychological Association recommends the use of person- first language for writing about disability so first-person language will be used in this module. However, it is important to recognize and respect that some people in the disability community have advocated for the use of identity-first language (i.e. disabled Person) which recognizes that a disability can be central to a person's identity. Existing literature and first-person narratives suggest that identity-first language (i.e., disabled youth), which views disability as a core aspect is sometimes preferred among those with lived experience . What is most important, is that non-disabled people be led by, respect, and affirm each individual person with a disability's choice of preference for identity-first or person-first language. Definition of the term \"Physical Disability\" The term \"physical disability\" applies to physiological conditions affecting one or more of the following body systems: neurological, musculoskeletal, special sense organs, respiratory (including speech organs), cardiovascular, reproductive, digestive, genito-urinary, blood and lymphatic, skin, and endocrine. Examples of physical disabilities that can affect sexuality include Multiple Sclerosis, Cerebral Palsy, Spinal Cord Injuries, and Sensory Disabilities. Definition of the term \"Developmental Disability\" The term \"developmental disability\" commonly applies to conditions that first occur before the age of 18 and affect a person's ability to learn and apply conceptual, social, and practical skills in everyday life. Autism spectrum disorder is\n\n\n[Page 2]\nan example of a developmental disability. Note that disabilities that impair cognitive function can also begin in adulthood (Sometimes referred to as \"intellectual disabilities\"). Key Point Million's of Canadians live with either physical or developmental disabilities. It is therefore important for health professionals to have an understanding of the inter-connection of disability and sexuality and to provide education to enable people with disabilities to maximize their sexual health and well-being. On a broader level, an examination of the topic of sexuality and disability provides a unique opportunity to deepen our understanding of both the social context of human sexuality and the nature of sexuality itself. As we have seen in this course, we all carry with us a set of assumptions about what constitutes \"normal\", \"healthy\" or \"natural\" sexuality. The traditional sexual script and media representations of sexuality and sexual behaviour have given us a very narrow conception of \"normal\". People with disabilities sometimes do not fit damaging societal standards of sexual attractiveness and beauty. People with disabilities, then, are often forced to adapt their sexual expression to their circumstances in ways that fundamentally challenge our assumptions about \"normal\" sexuality and sexual response. Ableism and Sexual Health \"Traditional ideas regarding disability and sexuality are often profoundly sexist, ableist, and heteronormative. Moreover, commonly held ideas regarding disability are medicalized or ableist understandings that view disability as an unfortunate, individual, biomedical problem that requires treatment or rehabilitation\" . Ableism is a way of thinking based on negative beliefs (e.g., false assumptions and stereotypes) and feelings (e.g., discomfort, negative attitudes) about people with disabilities. Impact of ableism on the sexual health and well-being of disabled youth False assumptions being made about the ability and desire of disabled youth to date, be in relationships, have sexual experiences, and become parents; Not having discussions about sexuality and sexual health with disabled youth because disabled youth are believed to not have the capacity to make their own decisions about their sexuality; The sexual health needs and experiences of disabled youth not being included in sexual health education programs; Sexual and reproductive health services not being offered to disabled youth because they are believed to be irrelevant to them; and Not respecting the right of disabled youth to autonomously make decisions about their own sexual health and well-being. SIECCAN .\n\n\n[Page 3]\nIf you are interested in understanding the sexual health education promotion needs of youth with disabilities see The Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Promotion with Disabled Youth and Sexual Health Promotion: A Service Provider Guide for Working with Disabled Youth Key Point The topic of sexuality and disability demonstrates the variability in \"normal\" sexual response expression. As both Campbell and Di Giulio make clear, perhaps the most important lesson to be learned from an examination of this topic is that often the greatest obstacle to healthy sexual expression for a person with a disability is not the disability itself but rather the attitudes towards the sexuality of people with disabilities held by family, caregivers, and society in general. As we have seen throughout this course, sexuality represents a fundamental component of who we are as human beings and this is equally the case for people with physical or developmental disabilities. However, among the common misperceptions about people with disabilities is that they are either asexual, without sexual desires or sexual response or, in the case of people with developmental disabilities, that they are incapable of responsible sexual behaviour or healthy relationships. In sum, people with disabilities not only have to overcome the limitations that a disability may place upon their sexual expression, they must do so in a social environment that discourages or ignores their sexuality. If you are interested in understanding the sexual health education promotion needs of Autistic youth see The Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Promotion with Autistic Youth and Sexual Health Promotion: A Service Provider Guide for Working with Autistic Youth Key Point The person with a disability faces the challenge of living in a society that holds many myths and misperceptions about sexuality and disability. Sexuality and Disability: Myths and Misperceptions As educators working towards positive social change, it is important that we seek to challenge and disrupt destructive and unjust ableist myths and misperceptions related to sexuality and disability. Unfortunately, the myths and misperceptions related to sexuality and disability listed below are still evident in our society. Physical Disability People with physical disabilities do not have the same levels of sexual desire and feelings as people without disabilities.\n\n\n[Page 4]\nPeople with physical disabilities have given up the sexual part of themselves. People with disabilities such as spinal cord injury are not capable of pleasurable and satisfying sexual experiences. Youth and adults with physical disabilities are not sexually active. Youth and adults with physical disabilities do not want or need sexuality education. Developmental Disability People with developmental disabilities are child-like in their sexual desires and behaviour. People with developmental disabilities should be discouraged from being sexual because they cannot control their sexual impulses. Youth with developmental disabilities should not receive sexuality education because it will lead to inappropriate behaviour. People with developmental disabilities are incapable of healthy sexual and romantic relationships. Contrary to prevailing myths and misconceptions, many disabled youth are interested in and or are engaging in sexual activity. In a survey of youth (ages 16 24) in Canada, about two-thirds of youth with disabilities reported having been sexually active: 65 had touched a partner s genitals for pleasure; 59 have had penis-vagina sex; 42 have had penis-anal sex, and 58 have had oral sex . The sexual activity of people with disabilities can look and feel different than for non-disabled people and these ways of engaging in sexual activity have traditionally been excluded from dominant sexual scripts . When people with disabilities internalize these dominant sexual scripts that do not account for or align with their needs and wants, sexual experiences can be unfulfilling. Sexuality and Disability: The Self-Fulfilling Prophecy The acceptance of these myths and misconceptions can lead to a self-fulfilling prophecy in which people with disabilities either internalize negative societal attitudes towards sexuality and disability or they live in environments in which healthy sexual expression is impossible. In other words, if society sends the consistent message that people with disabilities are not fully sexual or are incapable of satisfying, healthy sexual relationships, people with disabilities themselves may come to accept and be influenced by these destructive messages. Key Point Negative societal messages about sexuality and disability can lead to a self-fulfilling prophecy in which people with disabilities internalize these messages and retreat from intimacy and sexuality. For example, while physical disabilities, such as spinal cord injury, may place limits on sexual behaviour and response, feelings of sexual inadequacy and poor self-esteem are, in many respects, rooted in the acceptance of false societal attitudes and beliefs suggesting that people who use wheel chairs are less sexual. As a person in a wheel chair absorbs, and perhaps accepts, these negative messages, they may become sufficiently discouraged about the prospect of leading a satisfying sexual life that sexual feelings are avoided. When self-esteem falls and a negative body image develops, sexual desires and feelings may decline. This is particularly unfortunate given that restoring a sense of sexuality and positive feelings about being sexual can play an important role in helping people recovering from severe injury or illness rebuild a sense of well-being and quality of life. Prevailing attitudes towards, and the treatment of, people with developmental disabilities provides an even more dramatic example of this self-fulfilling prophecy. Often, people with developmental disabilities live in environments in which they are\n\n\n[Page 5]\nnever alone or have the privacy for sexual expression. As a result, with no opportunity for privacy, any sexual behaviour or expression will occur in an inappropriate context. For example, a couple may have sex in a park because there is no opportunity to be alone in the group home where they live and sexual interaction is not allowed in the home. If they are caught, their behaviour will be seen as evidence that they are not capable of responsible sexual behaviour rather than as a possible indication that their need for intimacy and a lack of privacy led them to the park. Hingsburger and Tough give the example of an assessment test that was used with youth with developmental disabilities to illustrate how they are sometimes pushed to behave in ways that seem inappropriate but are in fact quite logical. The test asks the individual with a disability to Point to where it is OK to have sex. The individual is then shown a series of four pictures: a workplace, a park, a bedroom, and a bathroom. The correct answer, the bedroom, seems obvious. A person answering by pointing to any picture, other than that of the bedroom, is marked incorrect. Yet this question shows the naivete of many who do not understand real-world conditions for people with disabilities. Many people with disabilities point to the park. When it is suggested that the bedroom is the right answer, the individual often looks incredulously at the instructor. The bedroom, one person responded, we can t have sex in our bedrooms, we d get killed! For this man and his girlfriend, the park was where they went to engage in intimate behavior. It was private (sort of), safe (kind of), and away from eyes of staff and others who might punish . As Di Guilio points out, developmentally disabled youth can often benefit from enhanced social skills training as part of the sexuality education that they require. Yet, as we have seen, many youth with developmental disabilities do not receive appropriate sexuality education but instead absorb sex negative messages designed to prevent sexual expression. The Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education offer the following guidance with respect to short and long-term care facilities serving youth, adults, and seniors with disabilities: Children, youth, adults, and seniors with developmental, intellectual, and physical disabilities, as well as people with chronic illnesses, often lack access to sexual health education relevant to their specific needs. Every person has individual needs, strengths, and challenges. Comprehensive sexual health education should be adapted to clients' specific learning needs. Personnel in these facilities can be provided with opportunities for in-service and continuing education to increase their capacity to provide comprehensive sexual health education. Staff should be trained to connect individuals to appropriate services . Toward Healthy Sexuality Among People with Disabilities: The Role of the Health Professional Myths and misperceptions surrounding the sexuality of people with disabilities are wide spread and in many cases health professionals are not immune to these biases. To the extent that health professionals assume that sexual desires and expression are either absent or inappropriate for people with disabilities, they may perpetuate and increase the barriers to healthy sexuality that the disabled already face. Key Point Many health professionals hold common myths and misperceptions about sexuality and disability and are uncomfortable addressing sexuality issues in their work. Comprehensive health care for people with disabilities should include the identification and removal of barriers to sexual health and the provision of sexual health education and services that will enable youth and adults with disabilities to enhance their sexual health and avoid sexual health problems. Listed below are five basic steps that health professionals can take to promote the sexual health of people with disabilities. Acknowledge and Respect\n\n\n[Page 6]\nAcknowledge and respect the right of people with disabilities to sexual health education and clinical services: On a general level, many health professionals are uncomfortable addressing sexuality issues with patients clients and this discomfort may be particularly acute with respect to people with disabilities. This discomfort on the part of the health professional can translate into the avoidance or neglect of the sexual health education and services needs of people with disabilities. Thus, an important first step for the health professional is to recognize, acknowledge, and respect the right of all people, including people with physical and developmentally disabilities, to relevant and comprehensive sexual health education and services. Knowledge and Skills Develop the knowledge and skills to provide brief education and therapy: As noted above, there are a wide range of physical and developmental disabilities, each of which have specific and distinct implications for sexuality. Thus, health professionals can educate themselves about the relevant sexual health issues as they apply to the specific disabilities of their patients clients. Once a health professional is equipped with knowledge about the sexuality implications of a specific disability, they can become more confident and proactive in inquiring if their patients clients have sexual concerns. For example, a health professional who frequently works with patients who have recently acquired a disability (e.g., multiple sclerosis, spinal cord injury) or chronic illness (e.g., heart disease, cancer) can significantly increase the quality of care if they are equipped to ask and answer questions about sexuality during a routine assessment. Because sexuality is a sensitive or embarrassing topic for many people, many patients clients will not ask about the sexuality implications of their disability or medical condition unless they are invited to do so by their health care provider. When patients do have concerns related to sexuality, they will greatly appreciate being given the opportunity and encouragement to ask questions. Beginning a Dialogue About Sexuality with Youth with Disabilities It is important that we all take care of our sexual health. Many young people have questions about relationships, dating, and sex. Is it okay if I ask you a couple of questions about some of these things? Visit the Disability and Sexuality Resource Hub for examples of conversations guides and other resources that can be helpful to service providers: Di Giulio summarizes the PLISSIT model (permission, limited information, specific suggestions, intensive therapy) for providing basic sexual health education and therapy to people with disabilities. Deliver Education Where necessary, develop and deliver relevant sexual health education programs:\n\n\n[Page 7]\nInstitutions (e.g., hospitals, long-term care facilities) and community service agencies that address the needs of people with disabilities can create and implement sexual health education programs tailored to the specific needs of their patients clients. The elicitation, intervention, evaluation process for applying the information, motivation, behavioural skills model to sexual health education recommended by the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health can be used to develop effective programming for people with disabilities (We will looking more closely at using these concepts to provide effective sexual health education programs in the next module). Policy Development Promote organizational policy development: Many institutions and agencies serving people with disabilities do not have specific policies regarding sexuality. Policies related to sexuality may be particularly important for long-term care facilities or for agencies serving clients with highly restricted mobility. Without such policies, important sexuality issues may be addressed inconsistently, ineffectively, or not at all. The development of policies regarding sexuality not only contributes to greater consistency in how sexuality issues are addressed, they provide a basis upon which institutional agency administration, staff, clients, and client families can communicate and consult on issues related to sexuality, sexuality education, and sexual health services. Typically, policies regarding sexuality begin with statements of principle affirming the rights of people with disabilities to sexual expression and access to sexuality information. Applying the Principles of Disability Justice to Sexual Health Promotion with Youth with Disabilities Disability justice is a cross-disability framework that values individual differences and works to address the collective experience of disadvantage of marginalized groups to promote a society where all bodies and minds are valued. A disability justice framework can be applied to the sexual health promotion of youth with disabilities. Utilizing a disability justice approach, sexual health promotion with youth with disabilities should, Consider intersectionality (i.e., understanding how multiple social identities, such as race, gender identity, and sexual orientation, intersect to create unique experiences of advantage disadvantage for diverse youth with disabilities) Promote the leadership of those who are most impacted (i.e., valuing and prioritizing the perspectives of those who have been the most disadvantaged by societal systems and who understand the systems best through their lived experiences) Work to challenge ableist social norms, which do not account for the needs and experiences of people people with disabilities Commit to cross-movement organizing (i.e., working with other disadvantaged groups to address shared experiences of systemic disadvantages that contribute to sexual health inequities) Recognize wholeness (i.e., recognizing the many dimensions of a person, such as their experiences, strengths, and the many aspects of their identity, as well as the inherent worth of all individuals) Encourage each individual to honour their bodies, needs, and abilities Commit to cross-disability solidarity (i.e., working to address the collective experience of disadvantage that contribute to the sexual health inequities experienced by all members of the disability community) Promote interdependence (i.e., recognizing the value of reciprocal relationships and community support) Promote collective access (i.e., working to create spaces and systems where everyone s accessibility needs are considered and addressed) Leave no one behind (i.e., working to ensure that sexual health promotion accounts for and addresses the needs of all people with disabilities)\n\n\n[Page 8]\nAdapted from SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Promotion with Disabled Youth. Toronto, ON. Sex Information and Education Council of Canada . Staff and Family Educate staff and family members: In most cases, the successful implementation of an institutional agency policy regarding sexuality requires the provision of information sessions for clients, client family members (e.g., parents) and training seminars for staff. First and foremost, clients need to be included, where possible, in the policy development process and made aware of available education and clinic services. Family members should be informed of the policy and given the opportunity to attend information education sessions. Finally, it should be noted that most health professionals do not receive specific training, as part of their education, on providing sexual health education generally and even fewer receive training on providing sexuality education and services to people with disabilities. Staff members who have acquired knowledge and skills in this area can play an indispensable role in advocating for, and delivering, staff training sessions on sexuality and disability. Andrews, E. E., Powell, R. M., and Ayers, K. . The evolution of disability language: Choosing terms to describe disability. Disability and Health Journal, 15(3). Campbell, M. . Disabilities and sexual expression: A review of the literature. Sociology Compass, 11: e12508. Di Giulio, G. . Sexuality and people with physical and developmental disabilities: a review of key issues. The Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality, 12, 53-68. Hingsburger, D. and Tough, S. . Healthy sexuality: attitudes, systems, and policies. Research and Practice for Persons with Severe Disabilities, 27, 8-17. Holland-Hall, C. and Quint, E. . Sexuality and disability in adolescents. Pediatric Clinics of North America, 64, 435- 449. Rubinsky, V., and Hudak, N. . Sex as enacted identity: Gender, sexuality, and sexual creativity. In C. Noland and J. Manning (Eds.), Contemporary Studies of Sexuality and Communication: Theoretical and Applied Perspectives (2nd ed., 116). Kendall Hunt. Schmidt, E.S., Brown, C., and Darragh, A. . Scoping review of sexual health education interventions for adolescents and young adults with intellectual or developmental disabilities. Sexuality and Disability, 38, 439-453. Shandra, C. L. . Research on adolescent sexuality should be inclusive of disability. Journal of Adolescent Health, 62(3), 253-254. SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Promotion with Disabled Youth. Toronto, ON. Sex Information and Education Council of Canada . SIECCAN. . Sexual health promotion: A guide for service providers working with disabled youth. Toronto, ON. Sex Information and Education Council of Canada .\n\n\n[Page 9]\nSIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Promotion with Autistic Youth. Toronto, ON. Sex Information and Education Council of Canada . SIECCAN. . Sexual Health Promotion: A Service Provider Guide for Working with Autistic Youth. Toronto, ON. Sex Information and Education Council of Canada . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. Reading Required Reading Human Sexuality in a World of Diversity 7th Canadian Edition, Chapter 4 (Read only LO 4.7 Sexuality and Disability). Campbell, M. . Disabilities and sexual expression: A review of the literature. Sociology Compass, 11: e12508. Or Giles, M. L., Juando-Prats, C., McPherson, A. C., and Gesink, D. . But, you re in a wheelchair! : A systematic review exploring the sexuality of youth with physical disabilities. Sexuality and Disability, 41(2), 141 171. com.ezproxy.lib.torontomu.ca content pdf 10.1007 s11195-022-09769-5 Readings for Further Research Essay Assignments Campbell, M. . Disabilities and sexual expression: A review of the literature. Sociology Compass, 11: e12508. Friedman, C., Arnold, C.K., Owen, A.L. and Sandman, L. . \"Remember our voices are our tools\": sexual self- advocacy as defined by people with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Sexuality and Disability, 32, (4), 515- 532. (available online through the Ryerson library system.) Giles, M. L., Juando-Prats, C., McPherson, A. C., and Gesink, D. . But, you re in a wheelchair! : A systematic review exploring the sexuality of youth with physical disabilities. Sexuality and Disability, 41(2), 141 171. com.ezproxy.lib.torontomu.ca content pdf 10.1007 s11195-022-09769-5 Rowen, T.S., Stein, S. and Tepper, M. . Sexual health care for people with physical disabilities. Journal of Sexual Medicine, 12, 584-589. Schmidt, E.S., Brown, C., and Darragh, A. . Scoping review of sexual health education interventions for adolescents and young adults with intellectual or developmental disabilities. Sexuality and Disability, 38, 439-453. (available online through the Ryerson library system.) SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Promotion with Disabled Youth. Toronto, ON. Sex Information and Education Council of Canada\n\n\n[Page 10]\n. SIECCAN. . Sexual health promotion: A guide for service providers working with disabled youth. Toronto, ON. Sex Information and Education Council of Canada . SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Promotion with Autistic Youth. Toronto, ON. Sex Information and Education Council of Canada . SIECCAN. . Sexual Health Promotion: A Service Provider Guide for Working with Autistic Youth. Toronto, ON. Sex Information and Education Council of Canada .","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:16:11.910Z","createdAt":"2026-04-06T08:43:37.596Z"},{"id":230,"originalName":"Units 3,14 - 3,16.pdf","displayName":"Units 3,14 - 3,16.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775479419945-Units_3_14_-_3_16.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":9821103,"folder":"week-11-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:16:25.222Z","createdAt":"2026-04-06T08:43:39.956Z"},{"id":231,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 12 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 12 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775479421485-CPPA122__Module_12_-_Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":206058,"folder":"week-12-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":13,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"[Page 1]\nThis final module of the course gives you an opportunity to review the main course content and to reflect on the key themes that have emerged over the past 11 weeks. The goal is to help reinforce your learning and prepare you for the upcoming course exam. Topics and Learning Objectives Topics Course review Readings Reading Please Note: You can access all non-textbook readings through the One-Stop Course Readings in the Table of Contents in your D2L Brightspace course. Required There is no required course reading this week. Course Review We have covered a lot of material over the past 11 weeks! Perhaps the most important message is that local government and politics is important to our well-being and quality of life. Here is a brief summary, week by week, of our progress in learning about local politics and government in Canada. Municipalities are corporations established by provinces to provide local representation and local services. They have powers set out in provincial legislation and are important as representative : Week 1 described the municipal position within a federal system where powers are divided between the national and provincial territorial governments.\n\n\n[Page 2]\nlevels of government and as service providers. We reviewed the institutional approach, community power, social movements, political economy, and public choice theories and have applied these theories in our discussions to help us understand the complexity of municipal issues. Week 2 also introduced four key tensions that were expanded on through the course: Tension between efficiency and effectiveness Tension between service delivery and democratic roles Tensions related to municipal autonomy and the relationship with provinces and territories Tensions related to interests and how local governments balance the many interests they serve Over time, municipalities have been reviewed, revised, and reconfigured to better meet changing local needs as well as the political directions and expectations of the province. It is important to have a historical perspective, as past decisions have shaped (and constrained) current decisions about municipalities. The module introduced charter cities, considered whether there is a right size for municipalities, and showed that there is consistency in issues that challenge municipalities from the past and today, like housing and infrastructure. We considered the role of the mayor and councillors and the decision-making structure of council and different types of committees. The processes of municipal government affect who makes decisions and how they make them. The module looked at some key elements of municipal elections (term limits, ward vs. at-large elections, ward boundaries and size) as well as issues with the election process (ranked ballot, political parties). : Week 2 challenged you to think about the theoretical approaches that have informed your study of local government. : Week 3 provided an understanding of the evolution of local government in Canada from the early, pre-Confederation times, to the suburbanization of the 1950s and 60s, and on to the current times. : Week 4 looked at the machinery of local government with a focus on elected representation and governance structures and processes.\n\n\n[Page 3]\nIt also explored challenges associated with representation and diversity. It is important to remember that the structure of municipal government is not firmly fixed amendments to municipal acts and governance reviews are undertaken from time to time. Municipal administration tends to be organized under a CAO or city manager, whereby some or all departments and functions report to the senior leader who in turn reports directly to council. Municipalities have one or more types of accountability officers, including an integrity commissioner, ombudsman, auditor general, lobbyist registrar (or registration process), and closed meeting investigation. These functions may be internal to the municipality and report directly to council or may be established by the province territory with responsibility for all municipalities. Municipalities establish special purpose bodies to take on tasks or functions that require specialized attention, like housing, hydro, the zoo, and transit. These corporations are owned by and accountable to the municipality and will have varying authority and autonomy from the municipality. In addition, provinces establish special purpose bodies to oversee or supplement municipalities, or they require the establishment of municipal special purpose bodies in legislation and regulations (e.g., police). Municipal-provincial relationships change over time depending on provincial and local politics and pressures. The informal federal-municipal relationship also changes over time, but it is always mediated by the fact that municipalities aren t a constitutionally recognized form of government. While municipalities continue to be at a disadvantage because of the lack of constitutional standing, there are new multi-governance paths for intergovernmental relationships that work around the lack of constitutional status. Not to be forgotten, municipalities also have longstanding formal and informal relationships with other municipalities. This is an important relationship for both parties, which can be expected to increase in importance in the future. Indigenous peoples are important to municipalities the Indigenous population is growing at a faster rate than non-Indigenous populations, they are younger than average, and they : Week 5 continued to explore the machinery of local government with a focus on the administration or bureaucracy, municipal accountability officers, and municipal special purpose bodies (or agencies, boards, and commissions (A, B, Cs)). : Week 6 focused on the complicated relationship between the municipal, provincial, and federal levels of government in Canada the often grey area of intergovernmental relations. : Week 7 examined municipal-Indigenous relationships.\n\n\n[Page 4]\nare increasingly urban. In addition, municipalities may be affected by formal land claims settlements negotiated by the federal and provincial territorial governments. The module explored three types of relationships: formal municipal-First Nations agreements, urban reserves, and other accords, protocols, and policy and program initiatives within the It provided some historical perspective on the traditional and imposed First Nations governance as well as examples of self-governance. The module considered municipal expenditures on directly controlled services, downloaded provincial services or regulated services, special purpose bodies, and capital spending. It looked at the three main sources of municipal revenues property taxes, user fees, and grants and funding from other levels of government. The module gave you an opportunity to try the difficult task of balancing a budget making budget decisions in the context of competing priorities and pressures. It highlighted the challenges facing municipalities and helped you to understand the options available to them. Municipalities are described as being in a state of fiscal crisis and the module considered possible responses. There are many internal and external influences on municipal policy; although, we may think of policy in terms of rational processes, it is far from the case in reality. and considered with input from interested stakeholders. Policy options are constrained (or enabled) by municipal formal powers, municipal staff, and financial capacity. Council committees, often with input from interested parties, discuss policy before it is debated and voted on at open council meetings. The module also considered issues related to municipal services, which can be delivered directly by municipal staff, municipal special purpose bodies, or for-profit or nonprofit organizations contracted to provide the services. Over time, municipalities have become more involved in non- traditional and non-property-related service issues, such as homelessness, poverty reduction, and climate change. : Week 8 explored the complex issue of municipal finance by looking at municipal budgets and budget processes. : Week 9 considered the municipal policy-making processes and environment and highlighted that policy-making is a complex process at the local level. : Week 10 considered municipal relationships with the public, including public participation and engagement as well as relationships with service users, citizens , and\n\n\n[Page 5]\nMany different interests and interest groups business, identity, local community, consumer, staff union, and policy groups try to influence municipal decision-making and service delivery. While there have been many strong efforts at engagement, municipal relationships with the public are not as inclusive or accessible as they need to be to connect effectively with diverse individuals, groups, and communities. Technology and online platforms have the potential for enhanced access and connection and greater levels of engagement. The module ended with a brief look at climate change and local government. This mini case study connected with the discussion of technology and globalization and provided an example of Your Turn Activity What course content resonated with you? What are your two key course learnings, takeaways, or aha moments? Please review the list when you add your contribution and come back to it at the end of this course week and review it again. While there will be some similarity of points, you will also see some perspectives that you might not have thought of or may cause you to reflect further on local government. As you review the key course learning summary on the previous page, you will no doubt notice some similarities and themes in what other students are taking away from the course as important learnings. Here are some additional thoughts on key course themes: : Week 11 looked at two important issues facing local government today technology and globalization. Both will shape the future path of municipalities within provinces, nationally, and on the international stage. They bring implications for relationships with other levels of government and for relationships with community members.\n\n\n[Page 6]\nComplex Environment Municipalities operate in complex environments. The structure of municipalities can be complicated with regional, two-tier structures as well as municipal and provincial special purpose bodies. Elected representatives are not associated with political parties, which can make decision-making more robust, but at the same time more complicated and more difficult to predict. Downloading has added complexity associated with provincial program requirements and funding and municipal funding, particularly grants, and is subject to change. In addition to special purpose bodies, municipalities have relationships with the private and nonprofit sectors to deliver services. Municipal issues cross boundaries and are increasingly regional. Technology and globalization add further complexities to the challenging context in which municipalities operate. Change Local government, unlike the constitutionally recognized provincial territorial or federal levels of government, is subject to change. While the foundation is remarkably similar to that of the Baldwin Act, 1849, there have been changes in the structure and responsibilities of municipalities through provincially imposed amalgamations and changes to representation and roles. Municipalities have been able to pursue some structural and governance reforms. However, more frequently, provincial decisions overlook municipal and public opposition to the changes. Relationships Municipalities have formal and informal relationships with the public and many interests, stakeholders, and levels of government. As the level of government closest to the people, these relationships bring high expectations regarding efficiency, effectiveness, representation, and engagement in decision- making processes. Municipalities face significant limitations in a formal relationship with the federal government, even though federal policies frequently have direct implications for municipalities. Municipal relationships with provinces are politically unstable and change happens in unanticipated forms. Relationships with Indigenous governments and communities have become increasingly important to municipalities. Capacity Municipalities have limited financial and jurisdictional capacity to address the increasingly complicated local challenges and issues. The course looked at a number of ways that the lack of financial capacity can be addressed, but action has been limited. Lack of jurisdictional capacity was a recurring theme throughout the course. Although municipalities can engage in multi-level governance, act as eager beavers, and be innovative in relationships with the private sector and civil society, these workarounds take time and effort. Looking Back at the Four Key Tensions Before we leave this review and reflection module, let s reflect on the four tensions from the Introducing Four Key Tensions page in Module 2.\n\n\n[Page 7]\nThese tensions have been evident throughout the course, in the discussions of structure, reforms, finance, delegated roles and authority, interests, representation, service delivery, and policy. 1. Tensions between the municipal service delivery and democratic roles were presented in the discussion of role, structure, and process and repeated in the other tensions below. As urban municipalities continue to grow in population and economic importance, and as issues become increasingly complex, municipalities will need to play a stronger democratic and representative role. 2. Tensions between efficiency and effectiveness were evident in the discussions of municipal role, processes, and finances. Cost efficiency is key if the role of local government is service provision; whereas effectiveness and how municipalities do their work and make decisions is critical to the municipal role of democratic representation. The tension between efficiency and effectiveness isn t either or because local governments need some elements of both; the tension is in the balance between efficiency and effectiveness. 3. Tensions about municipal autonomy and the relationship with provinces and territories have been evident throughout the course from the historical overview early in the course to the last module and the future path for municipalities. The municipal relationship with the federal government is constrained by lack of constitutional autonomy and politics at all levels. 4. Finally, the course explored tensions related to stakeholders and how local governments balance and mediate these interests. Reflecting on the discussion of interests, perhaps we also need to add represent to this tension, i.e., tensions related to representation, interests, and how local governments , to highlight tensions in the selection of elected officials, how they represent the many interests in their communities, and whether they play trustee or delegate roles. We are now at the end of the course. At this point, you have developed an appreciation for the often- overlooked local level of government and now possess a better understanding of the challenges of the current system and structures of governance. You also understand how your municipality is governed and have seen the municipality in action in a decision-making council or committee meeting. You can apply these course learnings to future engagement with your municipality and to your broader understanding of inter-governmental relationships in Canada. In addition, you should also have a good understanding of the many municipal interests and the challenges that municipalities face in trying to balance these varied interests. The course explored a number of issues facing municipalities as well as opportunities for leadership, innovation, and continued strengthening of local government. Week 1 Discussion\n\n\n[Page 8]\nBased on your knowledge of local government structure, relationships, challenges, issues, and its role, would you ever run for office at the local level, i.e., would you ever stand for election as a mayor or local councillor in your municipality? Would this be a job that would interest you? Why? Why not? Please see the Week 12 discussion topic in your D2L course for further instructions. Note: You will be asked to self-assess your participation in the Week 12 course discussion at the end of this discussion week (i.e. Friday) this self-assessment will contribute to your self- assessed participation grade. See the Assessment and Evaluation section of this Course Outline for details. Note: You can access the Discussion Forums and Topics from the Communications menu in your D2L course. Please make sure that your participation in all discussion forums adheres to the Toronto Metropolitan University online etiquette guidelines listed in the Course Outline. There is no assignment due this week. A friendly reminder that the take home exam will be available on the Saturday of Week 13. See the Announcements and Course Outline for more details.","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-0-1776479301561.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-1-1776479303788.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-2-1776479305812.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-3-1776479308130.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-4-1776479310254.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-5-1776479311903.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-6-1776479325049.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-7-1776479326754.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-8-1776479328575.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-9-1776479330247.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-10-1776479331900.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-11-1776479333461.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-231-chunk-12-1776479334685.mp3\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:28:55.485Z","createdAt":"2026-04-06T08:43:41.486Z"},{"id":232,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 12 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"Module 12","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775479423371-CFNF400__Module_12_-_Learning_Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":260700,"folder":"week-12-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":15,"checkedChunks":"[9,10]","ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"[Page 1]\nBy the end of this module students will be able to: 1. Understand the roles of Information, Motivation, and Behavioural Skills in changing sexual health related behaviour. 2. Understand the roles of Elicitation, Intervention, and Evaluation in applying the IMB model to sexual health promotion activities. 3. Apply the Elicitation, Intervention, and Evaluation framework and the Information, Motivation, and Behavioural Skills model to sexual health promotion activities. 4. Become aware of opportunities for further professional development in the area of human sexuality. Topic Overview The primary objectives of this course have been to encourage a critical understanding of the social context of human sexuality and to introduce key theories and concepts relevant to the study of human sexuality. We have also paid particular attention to how these concepts can be applied to the work of health professionals addressing sexuality issues in their work. As we have examined the developmental tasks of each phase of the life-cycle and topics such as gender, sexual orientation, and disability, it has become evident that sexuality and sexual health are important components of individual and community well-being. One of the outcomes of the gradual transition from a Restrictive to a Permissive sexual ideology in Western culture is that it is increasingly accepted that in order to comprehensively and holistically meet the needs of their constituents, health professionals (e.g., nurses, rehabilitation counsellors, social workers, and educators) must be willing and able to address issues of sexuality. If we are to utilize our knowledge and expertise in human sexuality to the benefit of our students, clients and communities, it is crucial to incorporate effective, well-tested approaches to sexual health promotion in our work. The aim of this final module is to provide you with a basic general approach to developing and implementing effective sexual health promotion activities. Please Note To effectively promote sexual health, health professionals will benefit from using well-tested, behaviourally focused approaches to sexual health enhancement and problem prevention.\n\n\n[Page 2]\nWe are at a unique juncture in history and have a rare opportunity to develop global, national, and community strategies to promote sexual health for the new century. This opportunity has been created by the fact that the world is experiencing a new sexual revolution and a public health imperative. Much like the sexual revolution of the 1960s and 1970s, it is a revolution fuelled by incredible scientific advances, as well as a dramatic social and economic change We also face a myriad of sexual health problems, which is creating an enormous burden on societies. These two factors are putting pressure on health ministries to develop comprehensive approaches to sexual health promotion . The Information, Motivation, Behavioural Skills Model for Sexual and Reproductive Health Promotion In Module 8, Part 2, we saw how the information, motivation, behavioural skills theoretical model can be applied to adolescent sexuality education. Although it was initially developed and tested as a theoretical model to guide interventions targeting HIV AIDS sexual risk reduction, the IMB model can be used to guide a wide range of sexual health promotion and education activities . Whether we are creating and implementing programs to promote sexual health with individuals, groups, or communities, the IMB model provides a basic and well-tested conceptual framework for ensuring that our interventions are effective in reaching their objectives. First and foremost, sexual and reproductive health behaviors, whether they involve sexual function promotion, contraceptive utilization, STD HIV prevention, reproductive cancer screening, or sexual adaptations to aging, illness, or disability, represent sexualized behavioral events. Each of these sexual and reproductive health behaviors has acquired sexual meaning as a result of social ascription, individual learning, and the sexual and reproductive biology and physiology involved in all of the acts and adjustments in question. As sexualized acts, sexual and reproductive behaviors are all influenced by a common set of determinants of sexual behavior, including information, motivation, and behavioral skills factors, and all are potentially modifiable via common intervention pathways focusing on changing these factors in efforts to promote sexual and reproductive health (Fisher and Fisher, 1998, p. s 39-40). The IMB Model for Sexual Health Promotion Acquisition of Information\n\n\n[Page 3]\nIndividual must learn information that is relevant to the practice of sexual and reproductive health behaviour. Development of Motivation Individual must become personally motivated and or socially motivated to practice sexual and reproductive health behaviour. Development of Behavioural Skills Individual must learn the actual behavioural skills to perform sexual and reproductive health behaviour. Although the necessity of including relevant information, motivation, and behavioural skills in sexual health promotion programs seems obvious, very few existing programs actually contain all three elements. In many cases, sexual health education programs have been exclusively information-based and, in particular, have neglected to provide specific behavioural skills training. Key Point The degree to which an individual is able to enact sexual health promoting behaviour will be dependant to a significant extent on their level of relevant information, motivation, and behavioural skills. Case Example An IMB Model Intervention Approach to Assist Women with Sexual Function Difficulties Related to Chemotherapy Treatment for Breast Cancer. Research suggests that difficulty with sexual functioning is one of the most distressing problems for long-term survivors of breast cancer and that in many cases these problems are related to vaginal dryness resulting from chemotherapy treatment (e.g., see Broeckel, Thors, Jacobsen, Small, and Cox, 2002). Therefore, one of the objectives of a sexual health education intervention for this group might be to target information, motivation, and behaviour skills related to the use of vaginal lubrication prior to sexual activity. Information: (Must be relevant, complete, and easy to translate into behaviour) Examples of relevant information: Many women treated for breast cancer experience problems with sexual function. These problems are often associated with vaginal dryness. Methods to relieve vaginal dryness, including the use of lubricants prior to sexual activity, can be used to improve sexual function among women treated for breast cancer.\n\n\n[Page 4]\nLubricants (e.g. Astroglide) are available, without prescription, at the pharmacy in the Family Planning section where the condoms are displayed. Motivation: (Must help the recipient develop a positive attitude towards the behaviour by recognizing that she will benefit from engaging in the behaviour personal motivation and that there is some form of external support for engaging in the behaviour social motivation ). Examples of motivational messages: Restoring sexual function and enjoyment can play an important role in regaining an overall sense of well-being following treatment for breast cancer (personal motivation). Applying a lubricant prior to sexual activity can be an effective and easy to use method for helping to restore sexual function (personal motivation). Other women experiencing vaginal dryness report that using lubricants is very helpful and health professionals recommend their use for this purpose (social motivation). Behavioural Skills:(Must include the teaching of the specific behavioural skills needed to initiate and maintain the behaviour). Examples of behavioural skills training: Instruction on how to locate lubricant in the pharmacy. Instruction on the application of vaginal lubrication (encourage practice and experimentation). Discussion and decision-making on when in the sexual script lubricant will be applied. Practice and rehearsal of communication with partner about the use of lubricants (give explicit and clear examples of communication and or incorporate role-playing exercises where participants practice bringing up and discussing the use of lubricants with a partner). Applying the IMB Model: Elicitation, Intervention, Evaluation Effectively applying the IMB model to a sexual health promotion intervention involves a basic three-step process: elicitation, intervention, and evaluation. In the elicitation phase, program planners assess or measure the target audience s information, motivation, and behavioural skills related to a specific set of sexual health behaviours. This can be done through focus groups, assessment interviews with clients, or questionnaires. In other words, conducting elicitation research will allow program planners to identify which aspects of information, motivation, and behavioural skills the target audience is lacking. Instead of creating programs based on our own assumptions or best guesses as to what the target audience\n\n\n[Page 5]\nneeds, conducting elicitation research helps to ensure that an intervention will be relevant and have the desired impact. In the second step , the program is created and implemented based on the information, motivation, behavioural skills deficits weaknesses of the target audience. In the third step, the program is periodically assessed (again using focus groups, interviews, questionnaires, ect) to ensure that the program is successfully impacting on the information, motivation, and behavioural skills of the target audience. This information can be used to refine and improve the intervention. Key Point The comprehensive, systematic application of an IMB-based sexual health promotion program involves a three-step process of elicitation research, intervention, and evaluation. This program of information motivation behavioural skills and elicitation intervention evaluation will give you a basic structural framework for the delivery of effective sexual health promotion activities. Your required reading for this module is a section of the Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. This section, titled Key Components provides further description and discussion of the IMB model. The Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education are a recommended resource support document for health professionals involved in the provision of sexual health education and promotion programs. Key Point The Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education provide support and guidance for the development and implementation of effective sexual health education and promotion initiatives. Opportunities for Further Professional Development in the Area of Sexuality The field of sexology has advanced significantly in recent decades. Parallel to the increasing openness towards sexuality in Western culture, the importance of research on human sexuality and sexual health promotion has been increasingly recognized. In addition, as we have seen throughout this course, addressing sexuality and sexual health issues is also gradually becoming an accepted component of the practice of a wide variety of helping professions. However, despite these advancements, it is also important to be aware that sexology has not yet reached the status of a distinct academic discipline. For example, few universities have sexology departments. Indeed, at present, only one sexology department exists in Canada, located at the University of Quebec at Montreal (UQAM s sexology programs\n\n\n[Page 6]\nare given in the french language). Several universities in Canada offer programs that enable students to specialize in human sexuality (e.g., Graduate programs in the Department of Family Studies at the University of Guelph; Interdisciplinary Studies in Sexuality, Marriage and the Family at the University of Waterloo). For most students seeking to become specialists in sexuality research, education, counselling or therapy, the most advantagious route to so is to pursue graduate studies in an appropriate related academic program (e.g., nursing, clinical, counselling or educational psychology, medicine, social work, education, ect.) and, to the extent possible, focus one s research and study on sexuality within that program. Many graduate programs have faculty members with an interest in sexology and who teach courses related to sexuality. Obtaining additional credentials in one of these more traditional disciplines also provides a broader qualification than training limited to sexology. This is an important factor to consider in choosing a graduate program. In sum, if you want to become a sexuality educator, become an educator first, if you want to become a medical sexologist, become a physician or nurse first, if you want to become a sex therapist, become a therapist first. In other words, first and foremost, establish your credentials in your discipline as you pursue your focus on sexuality. Becoming a Sex Therapist Technically, there are no licensing bodies in Canada that legally certify a person as a sex therapist. Generally speaking, a well-qualified sex therapist has advanced graduate training in an appropriate discipline such as medicine, psychology, social work, nursing ect. as well as additional specific training in sex therapy. Specific training in sex therapy is available through organizations such as the American Association of Sex Educators, Counselors, and Therapists and the Association of Sex Therapy in Ontario (ASTO: A Final Word This course has been ambitious in its scope and objectives. You have been asked to not only develop a critical understanding of the social context of human sexuality. You have also been asked to acquire a wide-ranging knowledge of sexuality issues and concepts that are crucial to the effective promotion of sexual health. You have taken an important first step in developing the knowledge and skills to make a meaningful contribution to the sexual health of those you are or will be working with. Enhancing the ability of individuals, couples, families, and communities to achieve healthy sexuality, a fundamental component of human well-being, is something to be proud of. Congratulations and good luck! Alex McKay Review Poll 4 Module 13 - Due by the end of this week of study. Complete the four multiple choice questions below. Then click on Activity below to receive your short answer response question and follow the instructions on how to submit your short answer response.\n\n\n[Page 7]\nAlex will provide a commentary on the poll responses and short answers on the Review Poll 4 discussion board. To begin please click on the Review Poll links below. Question A4 - Many of the developmental tasks related to adult sexuality that we have examined in this course are focused, in one way or another, on couple communication about the sexual dimension of their relationship. Yet, it seems clear that many, if not most couples, rarely if ever have frank, open discussions about their sexual life. From the choices below, select the one that you think is the single most important factor in discouraging couple communication about sexuality. In western culture, as we grow up, we are socialized to not speak openly about sexual matters. Many couples assume that as they get to know each other, they will gradually, through nonverbal communication, come to understand each other sexually With busy work schedules and or growing children, many couples today are simply to tired to think about sex. If you are too tired to have sex, youre probably too tired to talk about it. Other. (if you are selecting 'Other' please consider what your response would be; this will be of significance when answering the open-ended question). Submit Question B4 - Sexual expression can play an important role in the maintenance of an older person's well-being and this can also be the case for elderly people living in nursing homes. The sexual behaviour of nursing home residents can raise some difficult issues for nursing home staff. For example, family members may not approve of their elderly mother or father being sexually active. There may be questions as to whether a particular resident has the mental capacity to consent to sexual activity or to behave appropriately and responsibly. In some cases, nursing home residents may not have adequate privacy to engage in sexual activity unless they are assisted by nursing home staff. Given these issues, which of the following do you think is the best approach regarding sexual activity of nursing home residents. All nursing homes should have policies that include the recognition that nursing home residents have a basic right to sexual expression just like any other person. This will make life more difficult and complicated for the staff but they have to understand and accept that dealing with these issues is part of the job.\n\n\n[Page 8]\nNursing home staff should not be obligated to assist residents with respect to sexual expression (For example, arranging for residents to have the privacy to be alone together). Staff should only become involved in sexuality related matters if residents are behaving inappropriately. other Submit C4 - Sexual expression can play an important role in the well-being of a person with a developmental disability and this can also be the case for those people living in group homes. The sexual behaviour of group home residents can raise some difficult issues for group home staff. For example, some family members may not approve of a son or daughter being sexually active. There may be questions as to whether a particular resident has the mental capacity to consent to sexual activity or to behave appropriately and responsibly. In some cases, group home residents may not have adequate privacy to engage in sexual activity unless they are assisted by group home staff. Given these issues, which of the following do you think is the best approach regarding the sexual behaviour of people with developmental disabilities living in group homes? All group homes for people with developmental disabilities should have policies that include the recognition that residents have a basic right to sexual expression just like any other person. This will make life more difficult and complicated for the staff but they have to understand and accept that dealing with these issues is part of the job. Group home staff should not be obligated to assist residents with respect to sexual expression (For example, arranging for residents to have the privacy to be alone together). Staff should only become involved in sexuality related matters if residents are behaving inappropriately. Other Submit Question D4 - It is very clear from statistics on STIs and unintended pregnancy, that many adolescents and adults are not taking the necessary measures to protect their sexual health. For example, rates of condom use are much lower than they should be for both groups.\n\n\n[Page 9]\nFrom the choices below, select the one that you think is the single most important factor that explains the low level of condom use in Canada. Too many people are simply unaware of the risks involved in having unprotected sex. Most people are aware of the risks generally but too many of them believe that they personally are not at risk for HIV or STDs. For example, some people erroneously believe that because they are monogamous (i.e., they currently only have one sexual partner) or that they know their partner well, they are not at risk and, therefore, do not need to use condoms Most people at risk for HIV or STD know that they should be using condoms. However, many of these people are too embarrassed to bring up the subject of condom use with their partner or they are unsure about how to talk about it or they are worried about how their partner might react to the suggestion that condoms should be used. Other. (if you are selecting 'Other' please consider what your response would be; this will be of significance when answering the open-ended question). Submit Activity Cick here to get an Assignment based on the Opinion Polls above. Please Note You can revisit the review poll to view the updated results of your classmates opinions. Broeckel, J.A., Thors, C.L., Jacobsen, P.B., Small, M. and Cox, C.E. . Sexual functioning in long- term breast cancer survivors treated with adjuvant chemotherapy. Breast Cancer Research and Treatment, 75, 241-248.\n\n\n[Page 10]\nColeman, E. . Promoting sexual health and responsible sexual behavior: an introduction. The Journal of Sex Research, 39, 3-6. Fisher, W.A. and Fisher, J.D. . Understanding and promoting sexual and reproductive health behavior: theory and method. Annual Review of Sex Research, 9, 39-76. Public Health Agency of Canada. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Ottawa: Public Health Agency of Canada. Reading Required Reading SIECCAN. . Canadian Guidelines for Sexual Health Education. Toronto, ON: Sex Information and Education Council of Canada. Pages 36-50 only","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-0-1776479336357.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-1-1776479338003.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-2-1776479339895.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-3-1776479342118.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-4-1776479343839.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-5-1776479345491.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-6-1776479347188.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-7-1776479349087.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-8-1776479350722.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-9-1776479352576.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-10-1776479354526.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-11-1776479356325.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-12-1776479358074.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-13-1776479359781.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-232-chunk-14-1776479361562.mp3\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:29:22.363Z","createdAt":"2026-04-06T08:43:43.373Z"},{"id":258,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 13 - End of the Course.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 13 - End of the Course.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775890924045-CPPA122__Module_13_-_End_of_the_Course.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":55346,"folder":"week-13-cppa122-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"End of the Course It has been a pleasure engaging with you in this course on local politics and government. Sadly, this is the end of our time together the course officially ends on Saturday. We hope that you have enjoyed the course and we wish you all the best in your future academic and professional endeavours. Friendly reminder to check the Course Outline and Announcements for details of the final take home exam and course wrap-up.","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"/tts-audio/prep-258-chunk-0-1776479200651.mp3\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:26:41.452Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T03:02:04.047Z"},{"id":259,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 13 - Assignment Detail.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 13 - Assignment Detail.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775890926717-CFNF400__Module_13_-_Assignment_Detail.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":54661,"folder":"week-13-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Assignment Detail Your final essay is due this week, please refer to the Course Schedule information located under the \"Agenda\" link and review the Assignment Details information located under the \"Evaluation\" link at the top of this page for further details.","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"/tts-audio/prep-259-chunk-0-1776479201898.mp3\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:26:42.699Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T03:02:06.718Z"},{"id":308,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900837920-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-12-cppa122-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"TESTING DOCUMENT Hello this is a testing document.","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"/tts-audio/prep-308-chunk-0-1776479354162.mp3\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:29:14.963Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:17.922Z"},{"id":309,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900857071-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd1-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:21.866Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:37.073Z"},{"id":310,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900857256-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-cecn210-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:23.133Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:37.259Z"},{"id":311,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900857604-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd1-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:24.282Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:37.605Z"},{"id":312,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900857745-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd2-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:25.519Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:37.746Z"},{"id":313,"originalName":"How to Split routes.ts Into Two Files-Complete Step-by-Step Guide.pdf","displayName":"How to Split routes.ts Into Two Files-Complete Step-by-Step Guide.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900857899-How_to_Split_routes.ts_Into_Two_Files-Complete_Step-by-Step_Guide.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":109049,"folder":"week-1-tbd2-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:27.171Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:37.900Z"},{"id":314,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900859351-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-cppa235-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:28.297Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:39.352Z"},{"id":315,"originalName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900863891-Units_2_7_-_2_9.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":3320970,"folder":"week-5-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:43.894Z"},{"id":316,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900868329-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-4-cppa235-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-18T00:50:23.196Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:48.330Z"},{"id":317,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900868828-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-cecn210-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:29.460Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:48.829Z"},{"id":318,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900870901-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:30.527Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:50.902Z"},{"id":319,"originalName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900871356-Units_2_7_-_2_9.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":3320970,"folder":"week-5-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:51.366Z"},{"id":320,"originalName":"Ambassador_CABC_letter_10232025.pdf","displayName":"Ambassador_CABC_letter_10232025.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900872659-Ambassador_CABC_letter_10232025.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":168356,"folder":"week-1-cphl110-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":2,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:34.392Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:52.660Z"},{"id":321,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900873306-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd2-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:35.641Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:53.307Z"},{"id":322,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775902339200-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-fall3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:38.866Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:53.906Z"},{"id":323,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900875319-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:40.055Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:55.320Z"},{"id":324,"originalName":"Phil3.pdf","displayName":"Phil3.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900875372-Phil3.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-3-cphl110-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:55.372Z"},{"id":325,"originalName":"Reading3-1.pdf","displayName":"Reading3-1.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900875977-Reading3-1.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-3-cphl110-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:55.978Z"},{"id":326,"originalName":"Reading3-2.pdf","displayName":"Reading3-2.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775902461609-Reading3-2.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-3-cphl110-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:56.062Z"},{"id":327,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900876268-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-cecn210-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:41.163Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:47:56.270Z"},{"id":328,"originalName":"Ambassador_CABC_letter_10232025.pdf","displayName":"Ambassador_CABC_letter_10232025.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900949033-Ambassador_CABC_letter_10232025.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":168356,"folder":"week-1-cphl110-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":2,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:45.552Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:49:09.041Z"},{"id":329,"originalName":"Phil3.pdf","displayName":"Phil3.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900950687-Phil3.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-3-cphl110-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:49:10.688Z"},{"id":330,"originalName":"Reading3-1.pdf","displayName":"Reading3-1.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900951100-Reading3-1.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-3-cphl110-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:49:11.101Z"},{"id":331,"originalName":"Reading3-2.pdf","displayName":"Reading3-2.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900951227-Reading3-2.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-3-cphl110-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:49:11.228Z"},{"id":332,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900958512-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-8-chis105-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-18T00:11:10.107Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:49:18.514Z"},{"id":333,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900961413-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-cppa235-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:47.166Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:49:21.415Z"},{"id":334,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775900974892-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd2-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:48.433Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:49:34.893Z"},{"id":335,"originalName":"Ambassador_CABC_letter_10232025.pdf","displayName":"Ambassador_CABC_letter_10232025.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901016101-Ambassador_CABC_letter_10232025.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":168356,"folder":"week-1-cphl110-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":2,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:51.877Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:50:16.102Z"},{"id":336,"originalName":"Phil3.pdf","displayName":"Phil3.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775902639333-Phil3.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-3-cphl110-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:50:18.001Z"},{"id":337,"originalName":"Reading3-1.pdf","displayName":"Reading3-1.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775902672696-Reading3-1.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-3-cphl110-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:50:18.336Z"},{"id":338,"originalName":"Reading3-2.pdf","displayName":"Reading3-2.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901018453-Reading3-2.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-3-cphl110-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:50:18.455Z"},{"id":339,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901071248-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-4-cppa235-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-18T00:50:24.320Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:51:11.255Z"},{"id":340,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901095123-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-8-chis105-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-18T00:11:11.250Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:51:35.132Z"},{"id":341,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901097121-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-8-chis105-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-18T00:11:12.390Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:51:37.122Z"},{"id":342,"originalName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","displayName":"Units 2,7 - 2,9.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901135109-Units_2_7_-_2_9.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":3320970,"folder":"week-5-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:52:15.112Z"},{"id":343,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901155610-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-8-chis105-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-18T00:11:13.490Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:52:35.612Z"},{"id":344,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901158467-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-cppa235-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:53.036Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:52:38.468Z"},{"id":345,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901162334-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:54.120Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:52:42.335Z"},{"id":346,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901232854-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd2-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:55.265Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:53:52.855Z"},{"id":347,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901244525-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:18:59.856Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:54:04.526Z"},{"id":348,"originalName":"TBD3-5.pdf","displayName":"TBD3-5.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901348928-TBD3-5.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-5-tbd3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:55:48.929Z"},{"id":349,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901426740-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-fall3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:19:01.009Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:57:06.741Z"},{"id":350,"originalName":"TBD3-5.pdf","displayName":"TBD3-5.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901434612-TBD3-5.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-5-tbd3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:57:14.615Z"},{"id":351,"originalName":"How to Split routes.ts Into Two Files-Complete Step-by-Step Guide.pdf","displayName":"How to Split routes.ts Into Two Files-Complete Step-by-Step Guide.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901444714-How_to_Split_routes.ts_Into_Two_Files-Complete_Step-by-Step_Guide.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":109049,"folder":"week-1-tbd2-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:19:02.435Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:57:24.715Z"},{"id":352,"originalName":"TBD3-5.pdf","displayName":"TBD3-5.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901557889-TBD3-5.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-5-tbd3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:59:17.903Z"},{"id":353,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775901566868-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-tbd1-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:19:03.570Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T05:59:26.869Z"},{"id":354,"originalName":"TBD1-7.pdf","displayName":"TBD1-7.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775908753783-TBD1-7.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":26317,"folder":"week-7-tbd1-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T07:59:13.794Z"},{"id":355,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775926388440-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-fake900-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:19:07.389Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T12:53:08.450Z"},{"id":356,"originalName":"Testing PDF.pdf","displayName":"Testing PDF.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775926419982-Testing_PDF.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":29106,"folder":"week-1-fake900-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:19:08.509Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T12:53:39.997Z"},{"id":357,"originalName":"Testing123.pdf","displayName":"Testing123.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775932995913-Testing123.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":27413,"folder":"week-13-tbd1-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Testing123","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T14:43:15.916Z"},{"id":358,"originalName":"Testing123.pdf","displayName":"Testing123.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775933187718-Testing123.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":27413,"folder":"week-13-tbd1-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Testing123","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T14:46:27.720Z"},{"id":359,"originalName":"Testing456.pdf","displayName":"Testing456.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775933213228-Testing456.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":27413,"folder":"week-13-tbd1-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Testing123","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T14:46:53.230Z"},{"id":360,"originalName":"Testing789.pdf","displayName":"Testing789.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775933330133-Testing789.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":27413,"folder":"week-13-tbd1-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"Testing123","preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T14:48:50.135Z"},{"id":361,"originalName":"Quizzes - CPPA120 - Cdn Politics and Government - P2025 - Toronto Metropolitan University.pdf","displayName":"Quizzes - CPPA120 - Cdn Politics and Government - P2025 - Toronto Metropolitan University.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775949394845-Quizzes_-_CPPA120_-_Cdn_Politics_and_Government_-_P2025_-_Toronto_Metropolitan_University.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":113783,"folder":"week-4-tbd2-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-18T00:50:25.682Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T19:16:34.853Z"},{"id":362,"originalName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CPPA Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/local-uploads/eb6d289e-83d0-46cb-aafe-69aabc5275e0","contentType":"application/pdf","size":5000117,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-11T19:51:24.911Z"},{"id":363,"originalName":"CFNF Course Schedule.pdf","displayName":"CFNF Course Schedule.pdf","objectPath":"/local-uploads/a6264fcf-2f7b-4e6d-a5b6-f085eabc0de1","contentType":"application/pdf","size":264840,"folder":null,"listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":5,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T10:08:40.977Z","createdAt":"2026-04-11T19:51:47.883Z"},{"id":364,"originalName":"Quizzes - CPPA120 - Cdn Politics and Government - P2025 - Toronto Metropolitan University.pdf","displayName":"Quizzes - CPPA120 - Cdn Politics and Government - P2025 - Toronto Metropolitan University.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775968136473-Quizzes_-_CPPA120_-_Cdn_Politics_and_Government_-_P2025_-_Toronto_Metropolitan_University.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":113783,"folder":"week-1-tbd3-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:19:09.925Z","createdAt":"2026-04-12T00:28:56.475Z"},{"id":365,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 2 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 2 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775968986977-CPPA122__Module_2_-_Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":292550,"folder":"week-13-tbd3-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":28,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":"[Page 1]\nPerceptions of local governments are shaped by the issues and challenges of the urban areas where people live. We look at it from particular perspectives as property taxpayers, as service users, as community members, as scholars, as businesses, and as visitors. We use different lenses to understand it. In the course reading, Graham, Phillips, and Maslove comment that t he lenses that we use to focus upon urban phenomena determine to a large degree what we see and how we explain and evaluate what we see . This module will introduce different lenses or theories for understanding local government and will challenge you to use those lenses to better understand issues in your municipality. It will also introduce some key tensions inherent in the structure of local government in Canada and in the relationship it has with community members, businesses, and other levels of government. These include the tension between efficiency and effectiveness and tensions in the role of local government, its autonomy, and who it serves. Topics and Learning Objectives Topics Approaches to the study of local government (understanding the main theories) Institutional theory Community power theories Social movement theory Political economy theories Public choice theory Key tensions in local government structure and relationships Efficiency versus effectiveness Municipal role Autonomy Interest Learning Objectives By the end of this module, you should be able to: Distinguish between five groups of theories of local government Demonstrate an understanding of theories by applying them to a local issue\n\n\n[Page 2]\nIdentify key tensions that are evident in the structure and relationships of local government in Canada and the implications for local government Readings Reading Please Note: You can access all non-textbook readings through the One-Stop Course Readings located in the Table of Contents in your D2L Brightspace course. Required 1. Graham, K., Phillips, S., and Maslove, A. . Approaches to the study of urban governance. In Urban Governance in Canada. Read pages 19 41 2. Tindal, C. R., Tindal, S. N., Stewart, K., and Smith, P. J. . Local government in Canada (9th ed). Scarborough: Nelson. Read Chapter 1 The Promise of Local Government, pages 1 - 23. to Theories of Local Government A theory provides an explanation of why things happen the way they do (Brooks and Miljan, 2003, 22). It helps us understand why as well as predict how things will happen in the future. Theories are useful to: simplify and clarify our thinking about government and politics; identify important political forces in society; communicate relevant knowledge about political life; direct inquiry into politics; and suggest explanations for political events and outcomes (Brooks and Miljan, 2003, 25) Did You Know?\n\n\n[Page 3]\nThe challenge with political and public policy theories is that there is no one set of theories. Scholars frequently present different sets of theories. You may see these theories with slightly different names or grouped in different buckets of theories. For example, Graham, Phillips, and Maslove distinguish between local government theories and other theories and argue that different lenses are needed to promote understanding at the local level. In contrast, Jackson and Jackson group theories based on micro versus macro level theories; Brooks and Miljan describe two sets of theories structuralist theories (related to the structure of politics, bureaucracy, or society) and dynamic theories (where the policy process is dynamic and open to influence). While there is no one set, the theories described in this module are common to most political and public policy theories. They may be grouped somewhat differently or have slightly different names, but they provide a good foundation for thinking about local government. As you review them, please think about which contribute to your understanding of local government and urban politics and why. Institutional Theory Module 1 described the structure of government in Canada. The institutional approach focuses on how these different government institutions influence policy decisions and power relationships. For example, it is argued that the division of responsibilities in the Constitution has led to competition between provinces and territories and a resulting patchwork of policies in key areas . The formal assignment of responsibility for local government to provinces and territories has led to the development of certain institutions and relationships, including ministries or departments with responsibility for relationships with municipalities, and oversight and appeal bodies like the now The Constitution and assignment of local government to provinces and territories has had a direct influence on the relationship between municipalities and the federal government. The theory recognizes that institutions don t always remain the same. From the mid-1950s to the mid- 1970s, the focus was on describing how local government functioned and how that functioning affected decision-making and choices. Municipalities were amalgamated and restructured to meet the needs of rapidly growing urban areas. The focus was on what went on at city hall, how municipal councils and special purpose bodies functioned, and the processes and structures through which decisions were made, as well as the relationship with the provincial government and how this affected the political choices available to local governments. This model has been criticized as being too narrowly focused on institutions, overlooking important influences from business and community interests and the external environment. Community Power Theories Community power theories cover a broad range of approaches to the question of who has influence at city hall.\n\n\n[Page 4]\n: Elite Pluralist Theories By the 1970s, a number of authors and critics were arguing that local governments had been captured by the development industry and that decision-making had been compromised. This was consistent with the elite theory approach to politics, which argued that local democracy had been subverted, and that a small group of urban elites, through their economic wealth and influence, had captured control of local government. Urban elites included large landowners, real estate developers, bankers, and heads of large corporations, who shared a common interest and perspective on economic growth and development. In contrast, other theorists argued that power was fragmented and diffused. The pluralists argued that it was important to look at who actually took part in or had influence over decisions to understand government. Later pluralists identified that opportunities to participate or influence decisions was unequally distributed among individuals and groups and that some (often business interests) had more power than other interests. More recently, theorists have identified examples of hyperpluralism, where power is so splintered among groups that governments are weak. Developer Dominance Theory In the 1960s and 1970s, attention was increasingly drawn to the external influence of developers Local governments are responsible for planning and zoning, which determines what may be built and where they regulate the type and density of new development. Local governments also provide the infrastructure and services to support new development, including water, roads, transit, and schools. In both situations, developers and property interests work to influence local government decisions in their favour. Nearly every Canadian city has experience with a controversial local development. Examples include the demolition of homes or heritage sites for new development, the loss of farmland or natural habitats to new development, and pressure to build expressways through residential areas. These challenging issues inspired a new political economy approach to the study of local politics. James Lorimer (1978, preface) argued, I have discovered that it is necessary to extend the investigation well beyond city hall, to the complex of business and professions (which I have labelled the property industry) involved in real estate and land development, and to examine the connections of both city hall and the property industry to the federal and provincial governments. I have, in other words, attempted to analyze city politics in its political and economic context. There are three implications of this approach for the study of local government. First, local governments may be biased in support of development because local governments depend on the property tax for much of their municipal revenue. Second, developers are usually large and wealthy businesses with the capacity to lobby governments and advocate for their interests.\n\n\n[Page 5]\nThird, developers have powerful allies who also benefit from the new development activity to support their proposals and applications. Growth Machine Theory Harvey Molotch took this further and concluded that development pressures on local governments were so great that city hall acted as a growth machine, constantly promoting new development. Molotch defined a growth machine as a group or coalition of property interests that argued that markets alone should determine land use. This group of property owners, called rentiers, tried to intensify the use of their land in an effort to maximize their profits. Typically, the growth machine was well organized, resourced, connected, and very successful at influencing politics and policy in its favour. Regime Theory Regime theory focuses on understanding community power and identifying how and under what conditions competing interests join together to achieve public policy goals. A regime is an informal group of public and private sector interests working together on a public policy issue. Regime theory is strongly associated with Clarence Stone s studies of Atlanta and is based on an understanding that modern governance is complex and fragmented and no one set of players can be successful alone. It recognizes the interdependence of local government, business, the voluntary sector, and other groups. The success of a regime depends on the composition of the regime, relationships between members, resources available to it, and its institutional influence. Social Movement Theory There have always been interest groups in politics individuals, organizations, or groups trying to influence government to make decisions favourable to their interests. Traditionally, many of these interest groups have come from the business community. The social movement approach recognizes the rise of social movements or people coming together to advocate for an issue or concern that they have in common. Examples include the environmental movement, the daycare movement, the labour movement, and the feminist movement. Many of the groups engaged in social movements have traditionally been marginalized from the political process and have not been well represented by government. While they have a relative lack of power in society, they have been successful at organizing and obtaining results at the local level. Issues of identity and space have led to greater attention to differences, voices, and participation in local government processes.\n\n\n[Page 6]\nPolitical Economy Theories The political economy approach focuses on understanding the changing nature of economies and how urban areas cities fit in the process of global restructuring. It recognizes that local municipalities have limited autonomy for decision-making and, as a result, there is a need to look more broadly at the structural conditions of capital accumulation, production, and consumption. Let s look at the two approaches described in the reading the neo-Marxist perspective and regulation school as well as the globalization framework. : Marxist and Neo-Marxist Theory Marxist and neo-Marxist theory says that society is divided into classes, which are not equal; therefore, conflict exists among the classes. The role of the state is to mediate the classes, favouring the dominant elites to maintain the existing capitalist system. Marxists see the relationship among the classes as central to politics and decision-making. There is tension in relation to maintaining the system and responding to group conflict by providing some groups with additional services and supports. The role of the state is to provide the general prerequisites for production and to maintain social order. The authority of the state is directly tied to economic growth and prosperity, therefore, the state focuses on creating conditions for a more efficient urban environment. Castells takes the analysis further and argues that the state is playing an increasingly active role in organizing the labour force (education, training, transportation, housing, etc.) to meet the needs of production and capital accumulation . These perspectives downplay the role and autonomy of the state and are criticized by many as being too structural and deterministic. Regulation School Theory The regulation school theory focuses on economic, social, and political developments associated with the shift, beginning in the 1970s, from a manufacturing economy. It identifies a period of relatively long-term stability where there is a balance between production, consumption, and investment. There is a regime of regulation, or a set of rules, norms, processes, networks, relationships, and ways of organizing in place that contribute to a state of balance during the period of stability. At some point, economic, demographic, or political forces act on this stability and there is a shift to a new stage, which embeds different rules, norms, and relationships.\n\n\n[Page 7]\nRegulation school recognizes the role of governments in planning for and sustaining economic growth. It emphasizes macroeconomic conditions and highlights the importance of city and regional governments as they compete with other cities globally for economic development. Globalization Theory Globalization framework theory recognizes the influence of multinational corporations and international institutions on policy choices available to governments . Policies established by the United Nations, International Monetary Fund, or World Trade Organization have implications for national, regional, and local governments. At the local level, municipalities must remain competitive in the global economy to ensure their growth and development. Municipalities are influenced by a range of international structures and institutions and the tools, policy, and program choices promoted by these global institutions. Public Choice Theory Public choice theory defines the role of local government as the deliverer of a package of services and goods in a competitive environment. Individuals are central to this theory as they try to achieve their preferred mix (or utility maximization) of goods and services, at a price that they are willing to pay. The theory assumes that individuals will move to different jurisdictions to achieve the desired mix and cost. Local governments exist to provide the means for citizens to communicate their preferences and to respond to those preferences. City politicians similarly try to maximize their chances of re-election by responding to the majority preference. Public choice is related to the economic concept of utility maximization that individuals will try to get the most value or satisfaction for their money. The theory offers options for the production and provision of a public good. It criticizes local governments as inefficient because they typically act as a monopoly provider with little incentive to innovate or lower costs. The theory encourages a greater number of smaller urban municipalities, a polycentric model, to allow individual residents the greatest choice of services and prices. This theory has been subject to strong criticism. There isn t clear evidence that lower service cost correlates with higher satisfaction; smaller, fragmented urban jurisdictions are efficient; or people are mobile in an effort to get the most value for their resources. It is less influential in local government reform in Canada than in the United States. We can use theories to understand different views on an issue. There isn t one theory that explains an issue, but multiple perspectives that help us understand how issues are framed, argued, and decided resolved. Theories differ in the level of analysis. As you read in the earlier overviews, theories\n\n\n[Page 8]\ncan focus on individuals, groups of organized individuals, classes, or broad social forces . The role of the state varies in each theory. Sometimes the state is seen as reacting to interests; other times it can be proactive in pursing its own interests (i.e., re-election and public support); and it can also be reactive to what is happening in the economy and broader society . These differences underscore the value in applying different theories to an issue to develop a more complete understanding of the issue. Road Tolls in Toronto Municipalities struggle to raise new revenues to support the provision of programs and services. From time to time, larger municipalities consider the option of imposing road tolls as a way of raising additional funds. In late 2016, Toronto City Council, after a long debate, approved the introduction of road tolls on the Don Valley Parkway and the Gardiner Expressway. The tolls were expected to raise about 300 million a year that would be used to fund transit in Toronto. Let s use some of the theories to develop a better understanding of road tolls: Looking through a regime lens Paying for transit and road infrastructure has been a significant issue for many years in Toronto. Frustrations were running high due to the underfunding of Toronto s transit system. Many groups with very different interests were affected: The Board of Trade wants well-maintained and congestion-free roads so their business members can keep the local economy growing without additional property or business taxes. Transit riders want road toll revenue to fund more and better transit. Social policy advocates are concerned about transit affordability and access and welcome additional funding and service paid for through road toll revenue. As well, they don t want to give up social programs to pay for increased transit costs. Businesses want fewer drivers on the QEW and DVP so that they can access their clients and customers faster they balance the toll cost with the indirect costs they pay associated with traffic congestion. Municipal finance officials want a wider range of revenue tools and would welcome the addition of toll revenue. These and other groups seemed to reach some kind of informal consensus or regime and communicated that to municipal decision makers, who in turn voted to impose road tolls in Toronto a couple of years ago.\n\n\n[Page 9]\nWhat other theories help explain the road tolls decision? Let s look at the issue through three more lenses: Road tolls would result in more money to support more effective transit and transportation networks in Toronto, which would in turn support the economy and means of production. Municipalities need to be competitive globally with effective transportation and transit networks. Road tolls are used in many global cities as a way of raising revenues they are an accepted (although perhaps not always popular) way to raise additional revenue. Toronto would be following the example of other cities such as London and would be able to invest more significantly in transit to remain competitive internationally. Neighbouring municipalities, including Mississauga and Oshawa, were critical of Toronto s decision to implement road tolls and the implications it would have on their municipalities and residents. In commenting on Toronto s decision, Oshawa Mayor John Henry considered the issue through a public choice lens when he suggested, I think this will ricochet. For the folks that would have gone to the Eaton Centre, they will stay and shop in Oshawa . Public choice theory suggests that residents will choose to visit Toronto and pay the road tolls or choose to take their business elsewhere. Drivers in the city will choose to use the toll roads or use other roads or transit. Some city drivers may move to other municipalities that don t have road tolls. Some employers may move to other municipalities to be able to attract workers. You are encouraged to continue to apply the different lenses to other local government issues. As you can see, it gives you a perspective that you would not otherwise have on an issue. It also shows the complexity of issues and explains why elected members bring such different perspectives to issues and discussions they are basing their opinion and position on different lenses on the issue. This is also why it is so hard to make decisions a course of action that may be clear using one lens may be much less clear when one applies different lenses. : Neo-Marxist : Globalization : Public Choice\n\n\n[Page 10]\nSome of you may be wondering: Why are there are no road tolls on the Don Valley Parkway or the Gardiner Expressway? Shortly after the city council decision to impose road tolls, the Ontario government advised Toronto that it would overrule Toronto City Council s decision and disallow road tolls within the city . Introducing Four Key Tensions While local government has evolved over the years, its foundations are in the Baldwin Act, 1849 and in the definition of the new confederation of Canada contained in the British North America Act, 1867. These foundations have led to some key tensions and challenges at the local level and in the relationship among local and other levels of government. This section introduces four tensions: 1. Efficiency vs. effectiveness 2. Municipal role 3. Autonomy 4. Interests You will learn more about these tensions as you move through the course. Efficiency versus Effectiveness There is a tension between efficiency and effectiveness at the municipal level. Residents and taxpayers are always concerned with efficiency using property taxes and municipal funding as effectively as possible, providing services at the lowest cost, and getting the most out of each municipal dollar. Increasingly, they are also concerned about effectiveness and making sure that services and programs are the best way of achieving municipal goals and results. Key Point Efficiency is about things right. It compares outputs to inputs the higher the ratio, the more efficient an organization is. In other words, when a municipality can provide more programming or services for the same or less investment of human, financial, and time resources, it is more efficient. The Ontario Municipal Councillor s Guide calls this the stewardship role of council. Effectiveness is about the right thing to achieve a goal, impact, or result. This short video, Efficiency vs Effectiveness, What s the Difference? explains both concepts and distinguishes between getting things done the right way versus the right thing.\n\n\n[Page 11]\nEfficiency is part of most measures of effectiveness, but it is important to recognize that an efficient organization is not necessarily an effective one. For example, an efficient municipality can offer a service at low cost, but that service may not be the best service to achieve the municipal goal or to serve the community. Too much attention to efficiency, often in times of resource scarcity and competing demands, can divert attention from the intended result and goal. It can also focus attention on the short term away from longer-term change-oriented programs that are hard to measure and may not compare well with other programs in terms of efficiency. Not enough focus on efficiency can result in wastage and misuse of limited resources. Elected municipal councils must find a way to balance efficiency and effectiveness in policy and program decision-making. Municipal Role Tindal, Tindal, Stewart, and Smith identify the two main roles of municipal governments as: 1. Service provision 2. Democratic government Local government was first established in the mid-1800s to provide services to properties. This service delivery role has increased significantly over the years and continues to be a key role. In fact, with government downloading of services to the local level, the municipal role in direct service delivery is greater than that of other levels of government. Early forms of local government were quickly adapted with mechanisms to allow for some local determination of what services would be provided and at what cost. This democratic role of electing representatives has also grown over the years. Municipal institutions in Canada date their origin to the 1837 rebellions in Lower and Upper Canada, Lord Durham s Report on the causes of the rebellions, and the action of Lord Sydenham in putting through legislation creating municipal institutions. He did this in 1841 while he was, as he called himself, dictator. Under Sydenham s system, municipal officers were largely nominated by the Crown. This was changed in 1845 in Lower Canada, and in 1849 in Upper Canada, and an elective system was set up. These acts are the foundations of the municipal systems of Ontario and Quebec (Duncan, 1942, 427). Local government is frequently described as closest to the people and as a theatre of strong democracy (Barber, 2013, as quoted by Hilderman, 2014). Municipalities represent their constituents and their interests through effective service delivery, but also through municipal policy and planning and by representing those interests to other levels of government. They play increasingly significant roles in key policy areas, including economic development and infrastructure, community health and development, the environment, transit, and movement and accessibility. These roles can be in conflict. Service delivery is immediate and demands constant attention, not leaving much room for strategic, longer-term processes. Services involve delivering products, while\n\n\n[Page 12]\ndemocratic representation is about processes and deliberation. Funding and resources are challenges for both the service and democratic roles. In addition, both the service and democratic roles face unique challenges. The democratic role is increasingly challenged by election issues, including low voter turnout, engagement as well as issues of accountability. Service delivery must balance efficiency and effectiveness as discussed earlier. Autonomy Key Point While provinces have given municipalities more power and authority over the years, the Province remains firmly in control, limiting the legal and operational flexibility of municipalities in Tensions related to local government autonomy have already been introduced. described how municipalities are the constitutional responsibility of provinces and territories; they are not a constitutionally recognized level of government in Canada. Local governments have as much authority and autonomy as provinces and territories give them in the municipal act or other legislation that establishes the duties and responsibilities of municipalities. Provinces set out areas of municipal responsibility, retain an oversight role, and can overrule decisions of elected municipalities. The example of road tolls, in the discussion of theories and approaches earlier in this module, provided a specific example of the provincial override the Ontario government didn t allow the City of Toronto to introduce road tolls. In 1995, there were 8 Ontario municipalities, but by 2000, because of the Ontario government s decision to amalgamate municipalities, this number decreased to 444 municipalities (Miljan and Spicer, 2015, 4). In another example that is being argued in the courts, Ontario unilaterally changed the size of Toronto City Council in the middle of the 2018 municipal election. While these examples are from Ontario, other provinces have similarly shaped local government in other jurisdictions. Whose Interests? Whose interests do local governments serve? Most of us would answer that they serve local residents, voters, taxpayers, and community members. Although we often use the terms interchangeably, it is important to recognize these terms don t include the same people. Voters are those eligible to vote in municipal elections. We will learn later that voters must be Canadian citizens, over 18 years old, and own property (or live) in the municipality. Municipal taxpayers are property owners they own property and pay property tax. As discussed in Module 1, these property owners may or may not live in the municipality and they may not be\n\n\n[Page 13]\neligible to vote. Community members can be anyone who lives within the municipality international students, recent immigrants, non-citizens, transients as well as citizens. Some of this group may not be eligible to vote. The relationship needs and interests of each of these groups are different and we need to be careful to use the right terms. Municipalities also serve local business, economic, and development interests within the municipality and interests that want to locate in the municipality. As you can see, each term has a different meaning and includes different people and interests; we will need to be careful to use the right terms. Municipalities have a responsibility to act in the best interests of their community and its different interests. This leads to an interesting question: Should local governments make the best decisions, based on the information they have available to them, or should they represent their communities and do what their constituents want? If they choose the latter, how do they determine what the majority of the community wants? Rarely are all residents and stakeholders in agreement about an issue, which makes it a challenge to identify and define the majority. For example, in the subway versus light rapid transit issue, there are strong business interests in the transportation, planning, and engineering sectors who are arguing for either the LRT and the subway depending on their expertise with above- or below-ground transit. Developers and local business interests would potentially gain (or lose) based on changing land values or level of business activity, depending on the route and stops, and may prefer one mode to the other. Resident community interests focus on getting improved accessibility to other parts of the city (and to jobs) and or on protecting their community from development they may either prefer the speed of the subway or the greater number of LRT stops. If the goal is to make decisions in the best interests of the majority, doesn t this mean that underrepresented groups will continue to be marginalized? Municipalities must balance business and residential interests, as well as those of taxpaying residents and others who do not own land or pay property tax directly . The discussion about the majority can lead to a discussion about the common interest. Is this the same as the majority or does it include the interests of the broader society or the commonality of residents in the community? Similarly, municipalities must balance the current needs of the current communities versus planning and working for the future community. Should they pursue a short-term project supported by the local community or a longer-term project that will have greater but longer-term benefits? Municipalities also have to decide between purely local interests and larger regional or perhaps national interests. Many environmental issues have spillover effects on other areas. Should a municipality pursue its interests without considering the impact on others or on the broader environment? Summary Scholars of local government and politics in Canada have often approached their subject with perspectives shaped by the issues, problems, and challenges currently facing their own cities. As Canadian municipalities developed structures of local government appropriate to the population growth\n\n\n[Page 14]\nand sprawl of the post-war decades, academics concentrated on an institutional approach to studying local government. When the political influence of the development industry in local politics became apparent from the late 1960s, a number of scholars wrote about the power of the property industry in urban politics. Since social movements and interest groups began mobilizing in urban politics, many scholars have adopted more of a grassroots approach to political participation in local government. Each of the approaches explores an important aspect of local government and city politics, but together they provide a more holistic, well-rounded understanding of how local governments function, how community members attempt to influence their municipal government, and ultimately whose interests these local institutions serve or abandon. This is a nice segue to the module discussion on key tensions faced by local governments efficiency versus effectiveness, as well as tensions related to role, interests, and autonomy. You will see frequent connections to these issues in the course modules that follow. The module described five sets of theories that help us understand local government: Institutional theory focuses on the role that institutions, including structures, processes, and rules, play in shaping issues and decisions. Community power theories look at who has power. It identifies elites, developers, property interests, and other groups of interests, and how they influence and shape local issues. Social movement theory focuses on groups or movements of people advocating for issues or shared concerns and the influence they bring to local issues. Political economy theories consider the influence of the changing economy on local government and its efforts to support continued economic growth, prosperity, and competitiveness. Public choice theory focuses attention on the individual as a consumer and their desire to get a set of local government services for a price they are willing to pay, which leads to fragmentation and competition between municipalities over services and price. Considering issues or decisions through multiple theories will provide a more complete understanding of the complexity of the issue. The module also introduced four tensions or themes that you will revisit as you move through the course: Tension between efficiency and effectiveness Tension between the municipal service delivery and democratic roles Tensions about municipal autonomy and the relationship with provinces and territories Tensions related to interests and how local governments balance the many interests they serve\n\n\n[Page 15]\nComing Up Next Module 3 will provide an overview of the development of local government in Canada from the early days to the present. It will consider the forces and pressures that have shaped the local government we have in place today, including growth, suburbanization, new public management, and more. It is important to have an appreciation of the development of local government role, structures, and processes to understand the current form as well as current forces for change. Week 2 Discussion Let's look at a current municipal issue through the different lens that are discussed in Module 2. I would like you to think about a recent issue, whether to permit cannabis shops, the subway versus LRT debate, or another issue. If you are not from Toronto, you are welcome to use a topical issue or project (like community centre, casino, gas plant, etc.) in or near your municipality. Think about the frameworks institutional, community power, social movement, political economy, and public choice and apply them to your analysis of the issue. Which theories help you understand the broad and complex issue? Why? What insights do they provide on the policy question? While there may be one theory that stands out regarding an issue, the issues can be looked at from different perspectives, and different theories can apply. Please consider other lenses through which you can understand the issue. Please don t get into a discussion of the content or issue, i.e., whether subways are better than LRTs. Instead, discuss how the theories help you understand the broader issue. Required Please complete this discussion activity by p.m. on Friday of this module week. Please see the Week 2 discussion topic in your D2L course for further instructions. Note: You will be asked to self-assess your participation in the Weeks 1, 2, and 3 course discussions at the end of Week 3 this self-assessment will contribute to your self-assessed participation grade. See the Assessment and Evaluation section of this Course Outline for details. Note: You can access the Discussion Forums and Topics section from the Communications menu in your D2L course.\n\n\n[Page 16]\nPlease make sure that your participation in all discussion forums adheres to the Toronto Metropolitan University online etiquette guidelines listed in the Course Outline. Assignment There is no assignment due this week. Benzie, R. (2017, January 26). Kathleen Wynne stopping John Tory s plan for tolls on DVP, Gardiner. The Toronto Star. html Breux, S. and Couture, J. (Eds.) . Accountability and responsiveness at the municipal level. Views from Canada. Montreal and Kingston: McGill-Queen s University Press. Brooks, S. and Miljan, L. . Public policy in Canada: An introduction (4th ed). Toronto: Oxford University Press. Castells, M. . The urban question. London: Edward Arnold. C t , A. and Fenn, M. . Provincial-municipal relations in Ontario: Approaching an inflection point PDF . University of Toronto. (1942, August). The political basis of municipal democracy. Canadian Journal of Economics and Political Science, 8(3). Graham, K.A., Phillips, S.D. and Maslove, A.M. . Approaches to the study of urban governance. In Urban Governance in Canada. Scarborough: Nelson Thomson. Hilderman, J. (2014, October 6). Rescuing democracy? A look at local politics in Canada. The Samara Blog. . The Developers. Toronto: James Lewis and Samuel. Miljan, L. and Spicer, Z. . Municipal Amalgamation in Ontario PDF . Fraser Institute. . The city as a growth machine. American Journal of Sociology, 82(2).\n\n\n[Page 17]\nOntario. . The Ontario municipal councillor s guide 2018. R., Tindal, S.N., Stewart, K. and Smith, P.J. . Local Government in Canada (9th ed). Scarborough: Nelson.","preparedAudioPaths":"[\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-0-1776479203975.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-1-1776479205779.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-2-1776479207475.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-3-1776479209074.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-4-1776479211166.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-5-1776479223971.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-6-1776479225742.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-7-1776479227448.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-8-1776479229280.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-9-1776479254597.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-10-1776479256361.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-11-1776479258746.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-12-1776479260621.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-13-1776479262717.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-14-1776479264489.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-15-1776479277484.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-16-1776479279474.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-17-1776479281319.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-18-1776479283084.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-19-1776479284979.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-20-1776479286672.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-21-1776479288380.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-22-1776479290639.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-23-1776479293061.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-24-1776479294763.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-25-1776479296511.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-26-1776479298252.mp3\",\"/tts-audio/prep-365-chunk-27-1776479299836.mp3\"]","preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:28:20.636Z","createdAt":"2026-04-12T00:43:06.979Z"},{"id":366,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 3 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 3 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775972892568-CFNF400__Module_3_-_Learning_Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":277569,"folder":"week-4-tbd3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":8,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:01:31.201Z","createdAt":"2026-04-12T01:48:12.588Z"},{"id":367,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 3 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 3 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1775972936956-CFNF400__Module_3_-_Learning_Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":277569,"folder":"week-4-tbd3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":8,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:02:18.919Z","createdAt":"2026-04-12T01:48:56.957Z"},{"id":368,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 4 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 4 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1776007115134-CPPA122__Module_4_-_Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":425452,"folder":"week-2-tbd3-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":28,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:19:23.562Z","createdAt":"2026-04-12T11:18:35.135Z"},{"id":369,"originalName":"CPPA122, Module 4 - Introduction.pdf","displayName":"CPPA122, Module 4 - Introduction.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1776007115718-CPPA122__Module_4_-_Introduction.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":425452,"folder":"week-2-tbd3-reading","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":28,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-17T19:20:57.643Z","createdAt":"2026-04-12T11:18:35.720Z"},{"id":372,"originalName":"Signing Naturally Student Workbook Units 1-6-RS.pdf","displayName":"Signing Naturally Student Workbook Units 1-6-RS.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1776029964378-Signing_Naturally_Student_Workbook_Units_1-6-RS.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":59638427,"folder":"week-11-casl101-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":1,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":"2026-04-18T02:17:00.428Z","createdAt":"2026-04-12T17:39:24.402Z"},{"id":373,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 1 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 1 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1776466577855-CFNF400__Module_1_-_Learning_Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":198684,"folder":"week-1-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":10,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-17T18:56:17.866Z"},{"id":376,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 2 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 2 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1776467367321-CFNF400__Module_2_-_Learning_Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":138941,"folder":"week-2-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":5,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-17T19:09:27.333Z"},{"id":377,"originalName":"CFNF400, Module 3 - Learning Objectives.pdf","displayName":"CFNF400, Module 3 - Learning Objectives.pdf","objectPath":"/local/uploads/1776467369098-CFNF400__Module_3_-_Learning_Objectives.pdf","contentType":"application/pdf","size":277569,"folder":"week-3-cfnf400-module","listened":false,"lastChunkIndex":0,"totalChunks":8,"checkedChunks":null,"ttsAudioUrl":null,"ttsGeneratedAt":null,"extractedText":null,"preparedAudioPaths":null,"preparedAt":null,"createdAt":"2026-04-17T19:09:29.111Z"}]
10:32:26 PM [express] GET /api/onedrive/status 304 in 1229ms :: {"connected":true,"hasToken":true,"tokenWorks":true}
[AudioPrep] Generating chunk 33/41 for 26929898.pdf (1445 chars)
Generating Edge TTS for 1377 chars, file: prep-215-chunk-32
[TTS] Using Edge TTS (free, no charges)
10:32:27 PM [express] GET /api/automation-cooldown 304 in 1ms :: {"active":false,"remaining":0,"reason":null}
10:32:28 PM [express] GET /api/ha/services 304 in 162ms :: [{"domain":"persistent_notification","services":{"create":{"fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"Please check your configuration.yaml.","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"title":{"example":"Test notification","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"notification_id":{"example":1234,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"dismiss":{"fields":{"notification_id":{"required":true,"example":1234,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"dismiss_all":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"homeassistant","services":{"save_persistent_states":{"fields":{}},"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{}},"turn_on":{"fields":{},"target":{}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{}},"stop":{"fields":{}},"restart":{"fields":{}},"check_config":{"fields":{}},"update_entity":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}}}},"reload_core_config":{"fields":{}},"set_location":{"fields":{"latitude":{"required":true,"example":32.87336,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","min":-90,"max":90,"step":"any"}}},"longitude":{"required":true,"example":117.22743,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","min":-180,"max":180,"step":"any"}}},"elevation":{"required":false,"example":120,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":"any"}}}}},"reload_custom_templates":{"fields":{}},"reload_config_entry":{"fields":{"entry_id":{"advanced":true,"required":false,"example":"8955375327824e14ba89e4b29cc3ec9a","selector":{"config_entry":{}}}},"target":{}},"reload_all":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"system_log","services":{"clear":{"fields":{}},"write":{"fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"Something went wrong","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"level":{"default":"error","selector":{"select":{"options":["debug","info","warning","error","critical"],"translation_key":"level","custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"logger":{"example":"mycomponent.myplatform","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}}}},{"domain":"logger","services":{"set_default_level":{"fields":{"level":{"selector":{"select":{"options":["debug","info","warning","error","fatal","critical"],"translation_key":"level","custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}}},"set_level":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"frontend","services":{"set_theme":{"fields":{"name":{"required":false,"example":"default","selector":{"theme":{"include_default":true}}},"name_dark":{"required":false,"example":"default","selector":{"theme":{"include_default":true}}}}},"reload_themes":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"recorder","services":{"purge":{"fields":{"keep_days":{"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":365,"unit_of_measurement":"days","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"repack":{"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"apply_filter":{"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}}},"purge_entities":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"required":false,"selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"domains":{"example":"sun","required":false,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"entity_globs":{"example":"domain*.object_id*","required":false,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"keep_days":{"default":0,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":365,"unit_of_measurement":"days","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}}},"enable":{"fields":{}},"disable":{"fields":{}},"get_statistics":{"fields":{"start_time":{"required":true,"example":"2025-01-01 00:00:00","selector":{"datetime":{}}},"end_time":{"required":false,"example":"2025-01-02 00:00:00","selector":{"datetime":{}}},"statistic_ids":{"required":true,"example":["sensor.energy_consumption","sensor.temperature"],"selector":{"statistic":{"multiple":true}}},"period":{"required":true,"example":"hour","selector":{"select":{"options":["5minute","hour","day","week","month","year"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"types":{"required":true,"example":["mean","sum"],"selector":{"select":{"options":["change","last_reset","max","mean","min","state","sum"],"multiple":true,"custom_value":false,"sort":false}}},"units":{"required":false,"example":{"energy":"kWh","temperature":"°C"},"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"media_player","services":{"turn_on":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[128]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[256]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[384]}]}},"volume_up":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[4,1024]}]}},"volume_down":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[4,1024]}]}},"media_play_pause":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[16385]}]}},"media_play":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[16384]}]}},"media_pause":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"media_stop":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[4096]}]}},"media_next_track":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[32]}]}},"media_previous_track":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[16]}]}},"clear_playlist":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[8192]}]}},"volume_set":{"fields":{"volume_level":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":1,"step":0.01,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[4]}]}},"volume_mute":{"fields":{"is_volume_muted":{"required":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[8]}]}},"media_seek":{"fields":{"seek_position":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":9223372036854776000,"step":0.01,"mode":"box"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[2]}]}},"join":{"fields":{"group_members":{"required":true,"example":"- media_player.multiroom_player2\n- media_player.multiroom_player3\n","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[524288]}]}},"select_source":{"fields":{"source":{"required":true,"example":"video1","selector":{"state":{"attribute":"source","multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[2048]}]}},"select_sound_mode":{"fields":{"sound_mode":{"example":"Music","selector":{"state":{"attribute":"sound_mode","multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[65536]}]}},"play_media":{"fields":{"media":{"required":true,"selector":{"media":{"multiple":false}},"example":"{\"media_content_id\": \"https://home-assistant.io/images/cast/splash.png\", \"media_content_type\": \"music\"}"},"enqueue":{"filter":{"supported_features":[2097152]},"required":false,"selector":{"select":{"options":["play","next","add","replace"],"translation_key":"enqueue","custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"announce":{"filter":{"supported_features":[1048576]},"required":false,"example":"true","selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[512]}]}},"browse_media":{"fields":{"media_content_type":{"required":false,"example":"music","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"media_content_id":{"required":false,"example":"A:ALBUMARTIST/Beatles","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[131072]}]},"response":{"optional":false}},"search_media":{"fields":{"search_query":{"required":true,"example":"Beatles","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"media_content_type":{"required":false,"example":"music","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"media_content_id":{"required":false,"example":"A:ALBUMARTIST/Beatles","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"media_filter_classes":{"required":false,"example":["album","artist"],"selector":{"text":{"multiple":true,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[4194304]}]},"response":{"optional":false}},"shuffle_set":{"fields":{"shuffle":{"required":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[32768]}]}},"unjoin":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[524288]}]}},"repeat_set":{"fields":{"repeat":{"required":true,"selector":{"select":{"options":["off","all","one"],"translation_key":"repeat","custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"],"supported_features":[262144]}]}}}},{"domain":"ffmpeg","services":{"start":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"ffmpeg","domain":["binary_sensor"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}}}},"stop":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"ffmpeg","domain":["binary_sensor"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}}}},"restart":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"ffmpeg","domain":["binary_sensor"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}}}}}},{"domain":"hassio","services":{"addon_start":{"fields":{"addon":{"required":true,"example":"core_ssh","selector":{"addon":{}}}}},"addon_stop":{"fields":{"addon":{"required":true,"example":"core_ssh","selector":{"addon":{}}}}},"addon_restart":{"fields":{"addon":{"required":true,"example":"core_ssh","selector":{"addon":{}}}}},"addon_stdin":{"fields":{"addon":{"required":true,"example":"core_ssh","selector":{"addon":{}}}}},"app_start":{"fields":{"app":{"required":true,"example":"core_ssh","selector":{"app":{}}}}},"app_stop":{"fields":{"app":{"required":true,"example":"core_ssh","selector":{"app":{}}}}},"app_restart":{"fields":{"app":{"required":true,"example":"core_ssh","selector":{"app":{}}}}},"app_stdin":{"fields":{"app":{"required":true,"example":"core_ssh","selector":{"app":{}}},"input":{"required":true,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}}},"host_shutdown":{"fields":{}},"host_reboot":{"fields":{}},"backup_full":{"fields":{"name":{"example":"Backup 1","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"password":{"example":"password","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"compressed":{"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"location":{"example":"my_backup_mount","selector":{"backup_location":{}}},"homeassistant_exclude_database":{"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}}},"backup_partial":{"fields":{"homeassistant":{"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"homeassistant_exclude_database":{"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"apps":{"example":["core_ssh","core_samba","core_mosquitto"],"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"addons":{"example":["core_ssh","core_samba","core_mosquitto"],"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"folders":{"example":["homeassistant","share"],"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"name":{"example":"Partial backup 1","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"password":{"example":"password","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"compressed":{"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"location":{"example":"my_backup_mount","selector":{"backup_location":{}}}}},"restore_full":{"fields":{"slug":{"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"password":{"example":"password","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"restore_partial":{"fields":{"slug":{"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"homeassistant":{"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"folders":{"example":["homeassistant","share"],"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"apps":{"example":["core_ssh","core_samba","core_mosquitto"],"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"addons":{"example":["core_ssh","core_samba","core_mosquitto"],"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"password":{"example":"password","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"mount_reload":{"fields":{"device_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"hassio","model":"Home Assistant Mount"}],"multiple":false}}}}}}},{"domain":"update","services":{"install":{"fields":{"version":{"required":false,"example":"1.0.0","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"backup":{"filter":{"supported_features":[8]},"required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["update"]}]}},"skip":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["update"]}]}},"clear_skipped":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["update"]}]}}}},{"domain":"conversation","services":{"process":{"fields":{"text":{"example":"Turn all lights on","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"language":{"example":"NL","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"agent_id":{"example":"homeassistant","selector":{"conversation_agent":{}}},"conversation_id":{"example":"my_conversation_1","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"response":{"optional":true}},"reload":{"fields":{"language":{"example":"NL","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"agent_id":{"example":"homeassistant","selector":{"conversation_agent":{}}}}}}},{"domain":"group","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}},"set":{"fields":{"object_id":{"required":true,"example":"test_group","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"name":{"example":"My test group","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"icon":{"example":"mdi:camera","selector":{"icon":{}}},"entities":{"example":"domain.entity_id1, domain.entity_id2","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"add_entities":{"example":"domain.entity_id1, domain.entity_id2","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"remove_entities":{"example":"domain.entity_id1, domain.entity_id2","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"all":{"selector":{"boolean":{}}}}},"remove":{"fields":{"object_id":{"required":true,"example":"test_group","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}}}}},{"domain":"light","services":{"turn_on":{"fields":{"transition":{"filter":{"supported_features":[32]},"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":300,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"rgb_color":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"example":"[255, 100, 100]","selector":{"color_rgb":{}}},"color_temp_kelvin":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["color_temp","hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"selector":{"color_temp":{"unit":"kelvin","min":2000,"max":6500}}},"brightness_pct":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["brightness","color_temp","hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"brightness_step_pct":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["brightness","color_temp","hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"selector":{"number":{"min":-100,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"effect":{"filter":{"supported_features":[4]},"selector":{"state":{"attribute":"effect","multiple":false}}},"advanced_fields":{"collapsed":true,"fields":{"rgbw_color":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"example":"[255, 100, 100, 50]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"rgbww_color":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"example":"[255, 100, 100, 50, 70]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"color_name":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"selector":{"select":{"translation_key":"color_name","options":["homeassistant","aliceblue","antiquewhite","aqua","aquamarine","azure","beige","bisque","blanchedalmond","blue","blueviolet","brown","burlywood","cadetblue","chartreuse","chocolate","coral","cornflowerblue","cornsilk","crimson","cyan","darkblue","darkcyan","darkgoldenrod","darkgray","darkgreen","darkgrey","darkkhaki","darkmagenta","darkolivegreen","darkorange","darkorchid","darkred","darksalmon","darkseagreen","darkslateblue","darkslategray","darkslategrey","darkturquoise","darkviolet","deeppink","deepskyblue","dimgray","dimgrey","dodgerblue","firebrick","floralwhite","forestgreen","fuchsia","gainsboro","ghostwhite","gold","goldenrod","gray","green","greenyellow","grey","honeydew","hotpink","indianred","indigo","ivory","khaki","lavender","lavenderblush","lawngreen","lemonchiffon","lightblue","lightcoral","lightcyan","lightgoldenrodyellow","lightgray","lightgreen","lightgrey","lightpink","lightsalmon","lightseagreen","lightskyblue","lightslategray","lightslategrey","lightsteelblue","lightyellow","lime","limegreen","linen","magenta","maroon","mediumaquamarine","mediumblue","mediumorchid","mediumpurple","mediumseagreen","mediumslateblue","mediumspringgreen","mediumturquoise","mediumvioletred","midnightblue","mintcream","mistyrose","moccasin","navajowhite","navy","navyblue","oldlace","olive","olivedrab","orange","orangered","orchid","palegoldenrod","palegreen","paleturquoise","palevioletred","papayawhip","peachpuff","peru","pink","plum","powderblue","purple","red","rosybrown","royalblue","saddlebrown","salmon","sandybrown","seagreen","seashell","sienna","silver","skyblue","slateblue","slategray","slategrey","snow","springgreen","steelblue","tan","teal","thistle","tomato","turquoise","violet","wheat","white","whitesmoke","yellow","yellowgreen"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"hs_color":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"example":"[300, 70]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"xy_color":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"example":"[0.52, 0.43]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"brightness":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["brightness","color_temp","hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":255,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"brightness_step":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["brightness","color_temp","hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"selector":{"number":{"min":-225,"max":255,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"white":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["white"]}},"selector":{"constant":{"value":true,"label":"Enabled"}}},"profile":{"example":"relax","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"flash":{"filter":{"supported_features":[8]},"selector":{"select":{"translation_key":"flash","options":["long","short"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["light"]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{"transition":{"filter":{"supported_features":[32]},"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":300,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"advanced_fields":{"collapsed":true,"fields":{"flash":{"filter":{"supported_features":[8]},"selector":{"select":{"translation_key":"flash","options":["long","short"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["light"]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{"transition":{"filter":{"supported_features":[32]},"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":300,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"rgb_color":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"example":"[255, 100, 100]","selector":{"color_rgb":{}}},"color_temp_kelvin":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["color_temp","hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"selector":{"color_temp":{"unit":"kelvin","min":2000,"max":6500}}},"brightness_pct":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["brightness","color_temp","hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"effect":{"filter":{"supported_features":[4]},"selector":{"state":{"attribute":"effect","multiple":false}}},"advanced_fields":{"collapsed":true,"fields":{"rgbw_color":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"example":"[255, 100, 100, 50]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"rgbww_color":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"example":"[255, 100, 100, 50, 70]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"color_name":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"selector":{"select":{"translation_key":"color_name","options":["homeassistant","aliceblue","antiquewhite","aqua","aquamarine","azure","beige","bisque","blanchedalmond","blue","blueviolet","brown","burlywood","cadetblue","chartreuse","chocolate","coral","cornflowerblue","cornsilk","crimson","cyan","darkblue","darkcyan","darkgoldenrod","darkgray","darkgreen","darkgrey","darkkhaki","darkmagenta","darkolivegreen","darkorange","darkorchid","darkred","darksalmon","darkseagreen","darkslateblue","darkslategray","darkslategrey","darkturquoise","darkviolet","deeppink","deepskyblue","dimgray","dimgrey","dodgerblue","firebrick","floralwhite","forestgreen","fuchsia","gainsboro","ghostwhite","gold","goldenrod","gray","green","greenyellow","grey","honeydew","hotpink","indianred","indigo","ivory","khaki","lavender","lavenderblush","lawngreen","lemonchiffon","lightblue","lightcoral","lightcyan","lightgoldenrodyellow","lightgray","lightgreen","lightgrey","lightpink","lightsalmon","lightseagreen","lightskyblue","lightslategray","lightslategrey","lightsteelblue","lightyellow","lime","limegreen","linen","magenta","maroon","mediumaquamarine","mediumblue","mediumorchid","mediumpurple","mediumseagreen","mediumslateblue","mediumspringgreen","mediumturquoise","mediumvioletred","midnightblue","mintcream","mistyrose","moccasin","navajowhite","navy","navyblue","oldlace","olive","olivedrab","orange","orangered","orchid","palegoldenrod","palegreen","paleturquoise","palevioletred","papayawhip","peachpuff","peru","pink","plum","powderblue","purple","red","rosybrown","royalblue","saddlebrown","salmon","sandybrown","seagreen","seashell","sienna","silver","skyblue","slateblue","slategray","slategrey","snow","springgreen","steelblue","tan","teal","thistle","tomato","turquoise","violet","wheat","white","whitesmoke","yellow","yellowgreen"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"hs_color":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"example":"[300, 70]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"xy_color":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"example":"[0.52, 0.43]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"brightness":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["brightness","color_temp","hs","xy","rgb","rgbw","rgbww"]}},"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":255,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"white":{"filter":{"attribute":{"supported_color_modes":["white"]}},"selector":{"constant":{"value":true,"label":"Enabled"}}},"profile":{"example":"relax","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"flash":{"filter":{"supported_features":[8]},"selector":{"select":{"translation_key":"flash","options":["long","short"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["light"]}]}}}},{"domain":"rest","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"tts","services":{"speak":{"fields":{"media_player_entity_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"message":{"example":"My name is hanna","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"cache":{"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"language":{"example":"ru","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"options":{"advanced":true,"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["tts"]}]}},"clear_cache":{"fields":{}},"google_translate_say":{"name":"Say a TTS message with google_translate","description":"Say something using text-to-speech on a media player with google_translate.","fields":{"entity_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"domain":"media_player"}}},"message":{"example":"My name is hanna","required":true,"selector":{"text":null}},"cache":{"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":null}},"language":{"example":"ru","selector":{"text":null}},"options":{"advanced":true,"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"cloud_say":{"name":"Say a TTS message with cloud","description":"Say something using text-to-speech on a media player with cloud.","fields":{"entity_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"domain":"media_player"}}},"message":{"example":"My name is hanna","required":true,"selector":{"text":null}},"cache":{"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":null}},"language":{"example":"ru","selector":{"text":null}},"options":{"advanced":true,"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}}}},{"domain":"template","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"switch","services":{"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["switch"]}]}},"turn_on":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["switch"]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["switch"]}]}}}},{"domain":"backup","services":{"create_automatic":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"cloud","services":{"remote_connect":{"fields":{}},"remote_disconnect":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"valve","services":{"open_valve":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["valve"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"close_valve":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["valve"],"supported_features":[2]}]}},"set_valve_position":{"fields":{"position":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["valve"],"supported_features":[4]}]}},"stop_valve":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["valve"],"supported_features":[8]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["valve"],"supported_features":[3]}]}}}},{"domain":"lock","services":{"unlock":{"fields":{"code":{"example":1234,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"]}]}},"lock":{"fields":{"code":{"example":1234,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"]}]}},"open":{"fields":{"code":{"example":1234,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"supported_features":[1]}]}}}},{"domain":"notify","services":{"send_message":{"fields":{"message":{"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"title":{"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}},"filter":{"supported_features":[1]}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["notify"]}]}},"persistent_notification":{"fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}}},"mobile_app_firecube_nonadmin":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_firecube_nonadmin","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_firecube_nonadmin integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_cat":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_cat","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_cat integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_fire_tablet_kitchen":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_fire_tablet_kitchen","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_fire_tablet_kitchen integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_fire_tablet_cat":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_fire_tablet_cat","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_fire_tablet_cat integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_iphone_8":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_iphone_8","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_iphone_8 integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_cat":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_cat","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_cat integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_queen":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_queen","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_queen integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_king":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_king","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_king integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_cat2":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_cat2","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_cat2 integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_entrance":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_entrance","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_entrance integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_fire_tablet_hallway":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_fire_tablet_hallway","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_fire_tablet_hallway integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_y_phone":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_y_phone","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_y_phone integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_hallway_new":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_hallway_new","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_hallway_new integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_lr11":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_lr11","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_lr11 integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_kitchen":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_kitchen","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_kitchen integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_iphone":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_iphone","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_iphone integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_hallway":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_hallway","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_hallway integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_cat_wall":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_cat_wall","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_cat_wall integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"mobile_app_tablet_cat_arm":{"name":"Send a notification via mobile_app_tablet_cat_arm","description":"Sends a notification message using the mobile_app_tablet_cat_arm integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"notify":{"name":"Send a notification with notify","description":"Sends a notification message using the notify service.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_queen_bed_r_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_queen_bed_r_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_queen_bed_r_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_queen_bed_l_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_queen_bed_l_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_queen_bed_l_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_queen_balcony_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_queen_balcony_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_queen_balcony_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_queen_bedroom":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_queen_bedroom","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_queen_bedroom integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_tablet_hallway":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_tablet_hallway","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_tablet_hallway integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_balcony_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_balcony_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_balcony_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_bryn_s_fire_tv":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_bryn_s_fire_tv","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_bryn_s_fire_tv integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_tablet_cat_wall":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_tablet_cat_wall","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_tablet_cat_wall integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_tablet_living_room":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_tablet_living_room","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_tablet_living_room integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_tablet_hallway_entrance":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_tablet_hallway_entrance","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_tablet_hallway_entrance integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_tablet_cat":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_tablet_cat","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_tablet_cat integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_tablet_queen":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_tablet_queen","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_tablet_queen integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_tablet_11":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_tablet_11","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_tablet_11 integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_show_pug_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_show_pug_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_show_pug_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_fire_tv_cube":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_fire_tv_cube","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_fire_tv_cube integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_bryn_s_2nd_fire_tv":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_bryn_s_2nd_fire_tv","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_bryn_s_2nd_fire_tv integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_kitchen_cupboards_r_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_kitchen_cupboards_r_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_kitchen_cupboards_r_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_hallway_fish_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_hallway_fish_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_hallway_fish_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_bryn_s_fire":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_bryn_s_fire","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_bryn_s_fire integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_bryn_s_2nd_fire":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_bryn_s_2nd_fire","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_bryn_s_2nd_fire integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_bryn_s_3rd_fire":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_bryn_s_3rd_fire","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_bryn_s_3rd_fire integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_cat_left_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_cat_left_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_cat_left_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_cat_right_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_cat_right_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_cat_right_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_hallway_entrance_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_hallway_entrance_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_hallway_entrance_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_kitchen_island_corner_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_kitchen_island_corner_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_kitchen_island_corner_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_kitchen_studio_black_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_kitchen_studio_black_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_kitchen_studio_black_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_kitchen_cupboards_left_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_kitchen_cupboards_left_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_kitchen_cupboards_left_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_kitchen_hutch_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_kitchen_hutch_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_kitchen_hutch_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_lr_studio_white_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_lr_studio_white_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_lr_studio_white_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_lr_couch_l_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_lr_couch_l_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_lr_couch_l_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_lr_couch_r_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_lr_couch_r_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_lr_couch_r_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_lr_hub_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_lr_hub_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_lr_hub_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_hallway":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_hallway","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_hallway integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_lr_tv_shelf_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_lr_tv_shelf_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_lr_tv_shelf_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_king_l_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_king_l_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_king_l_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_king_tv_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_king_tv_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_king_tv_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_closet_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_closet_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_closet_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_king_bedroom":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_king_bedroom","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_king_bedroom integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_cat_washroom_middle":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_cat_washroom_middle","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_cat_washroom_middle integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_king_r_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_king_r_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_king_r_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_echo_kitchen_fridge_am":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_echo_kitchen_fridge_am","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_echo_kitchen_fridge_am integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_byhome":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_byhome","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_byhome integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_fire_stick_cat_wr":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_fire_stick_cat_wr","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_fire_stick_cat_wr integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_home_theater":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_home_theater","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_home_theater integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_this_device_2":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_this_device_2","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_this_device_2 integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media":{"name":"Send a notification with alexa_media","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media service.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}},"alexa_media_last_called":{"name":"Send a notification via alexa_media_last_called","description":"Sends a notification message using the alexa_media_last_called integration.","fields":{"message":{"required":true,"example":"The garage door has been open for 10 minutes.","selector":{"text":null}},"title":{"example":"Your Garage Door Friend","selector":{"text":null}},"target":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}},"data":{"example":"platform specific","selector":{"object":null}}}}}},{"domain":"scene","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}},"apply":{"fields":{"entities":{"required":true,"example":"light.kitchen: \"on\"\nlight.ceiling:\n  state: \"on\"\n  brightness: 80\n","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"transition":{"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":300,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}}},"create":{"fields":{"scene_id":{"required":true,"example":"all_lights","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"entities":{"advanced":true,"example":"light.tv_back_light: \"on\"\nlight.ceiling:\n  state: \"on\"\n  brightness: 200\n","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"snapshot_entities":{"example":"- light.ceiling\n- light.kitchen\n","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}}}},"delete":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"homeassistant","domain":["scene"]}]}},"turn_on":{"fields":{"transition":{"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":300,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["scene"]}]}}}},{"domain":"remote","services":{"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["remote"]}]}},"turn_on":{"fields":{"activity":{"example":"BedroomTV","filter":{"supported_features":[4]},"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["remote"]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["remote"]}]}},"send_command":{"fields":{"device":{"example":"32756745","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"command":{"required":true,"example":"Play","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"num_repeats":{"default":1,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":255,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"delay_secs":{"default":0.4,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":60,"step":0.1,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","mode":"slider"}}},"hold_secs":{"default":0,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":60,"step":0.1,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["remote"]}]}},"learn_command":{"fields":{"device":{"example":"television","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"command":{"example":"Turn on","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"command_type":{"default":"ir","selector":{"select":{"options":["ir","rf"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"alternative":{"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"timeout":{"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":60,"step":5,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["remote"]}]}},"delete_command":{"fields":{"device":{"example":"television","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"command":{"required":true,"example":"Mute","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["remote"]}]}}}},{"domain":"water_heater","services":{"turn_on":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["water_heater"]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["water_heater"]}]}},"set_away_mode":{"fields":{"away_mode":{"required":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["water_heater"]}]}},"set_temperature":{"fields":{"temperature":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":250,"step":0.5,"mode":"box","unit_of_measurement":"°"}}},"operation_mode":{"example":"eco","selector":{"state":{"hide_states":["unavailable","unknown"],"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["water_heater"]}]}},"set_operation_mode":{"fields":{"operation_mode":{"required":true,"example":"eco","selector":{"state":{"hide_states":["unavailable","unknown"],"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["water_heater"]}]}}}},{"domain":"alarm_control_panel","services":{"alarm_disarm":{"fields":{"code":{"example":"1234","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["alarm_control_panel"]}]}},"alarm_arm_home":{"fields":{"code":{"example":"1234","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["alarm_control_panel"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"alarm_arm_away":{"fields":{"code":{"example":"1234","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["alarm_control_panel"],"supported_features":[2]}]}},"alarm_arm_night":{"fields":{"code":{"example":"1234","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["alarm_control_panel"],"supported_features":[4]}]}},"alarm_arm_vacation":{"fields":{"code":{"example":"1234","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["alarm_control_panel"],"supported_features":[32]}]}},"alarm_arm_custom_bypass":{"fields":{"code":{"example":"1234","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["alarm_control_panel"],"supported_features":[16]}]}},"alarm_trigger":{"fields":{"code":{"example":"1234","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["alarm_control_panel"],"supported_features":[8]}]}}}},{"domain":"weather","services":{"get_forecasts":{"fields":{"type":{"required":true,"selector":{"select":{"options":["daily","hourly","twice_daily"],"translation_key":"forecast_type","custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["weather"],"supported_features":[1,2,4]}]},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"vacuum","services":{"start":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["vacuum"],"supported_features":[8192]}]}},"pause":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["vacuum"],"supported_features":[4]}]}},"return_to_base":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["vacuum"],"supported_features":[16]}]}},"clean_spot":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["vacuum"]}]}},"clean_area":{"fields":{"cleaning_area_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"area":{"multiple":true,"reorder":true}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["vacuum"],"supported_features":[16384]}]}},"locate":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["vacuum"],"supported_features":[512]}]}},"stop":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["vacuum"],"supported_features":[8]}]}},"set_fan_speed":{"fields":{"fan_speed":{"required":true,"example":"low","selector":{"state":{"attribute":"fan_speed","multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["vacuum"]}]}},"send_command":{"fields":{"command":{"required":true,"example":"set_dnd_timer","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"params":{"example":"{ \"key\": \"value\" }","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["vacuum"]}]}}}},{"domain":"number","services":{"set_value":{"fields":{"value":{"example":42,"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["number"]}]}}}},{"domain":"cover","services":{"open_cover":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["cover"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"close_cover":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["cover"],"supported_features":[2]}]}},"set_cover_position":{"fields":{"position":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["cover"],"supported_features":[4]}]}},"stop_cover":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["cover"],"supported_features":[8]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["cover"],"supported_features":[3]}]}},"open_cover_tilt":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["cover"],"supported_features":[16]}]}},"close_cover_tilt":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["cover"],"supported_features":[32]}]}},"stop_cover_tilt":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["cover"],"supported_features":[64]}]}},"set_cover_tilt_position":{"fields":{"tilt_position":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["cover"],"supported_features":[128]}]}},"toggle_cover_tilt":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["cover"],"supported_features":[48]}]}}}},{"domain":"lawn_mower","services":{"start_mowing":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lawn_mower"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"pause":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lawn_mower"],"supported_features":[2]}]}},"dock":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lawn_mower"],"supported_features":[4]}]}}}},{"domain":"image","services":{"snapshot":{"fields":{"filename":{"required":true,"example":"/tmp/image_snapshot.jpg","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["image"]}]}}}},{"domain":"climate","services":{"turn_on":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["climate"],"supported_features":[256]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["climate"],"supported_features":[128]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["climate"],"supported_features":[128,256]}]}},"set_hvac_mode":{"fields":{"hvac_mode":{"selector":{"state":{"hide_states":["unavailable","unknown"],"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["climate"]}]}},"set_preset_mode":{"fields":{"preset_mode":{"required":true,"example":"away","selector":{"state":{"attribute":"preset_mode","multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["climate"],"supported_features":[16]}]}},"set_temperature":{"fields":{"temperature":{"filter":{"supported_features":[1]},"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":250,"step":0.1,"mode":"box"}}},"target_temp_high":{"filter":{"supported_features":[2]},"advanced":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":250,"step":0.1,"mode":"box"}}},"target_temp_low":{"filter":{"supported_features":[2]},"advanced":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":250,"step":0.1,"mode":"box"}}},"hvac_mode":{"selector":{"state":{"hide_states":["unavailable","unknown"],"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["climate"],"supported_features":[1,2]}]}},"set_humidity":{"fields":{"humidity":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":30,"max":99,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["climate"],"supported_features":[4]}]}},"set_fan_mode":{"fields":{"fan_mode":{"required":true,"example":"low","selector":{"state":{"attribute":"fan_mode","multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["climate"],"supported_features":[8]}]}},"set_swing_mode":{"fields":{"swing_mode":{"required":true,"example":"on","selector":{"state":{"attribute":"swing_mode","multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["climate"],"supported_features":[32]}]}},"set_swing_horizontal_mode":{"fields":{"swing_horizontal_mode":{"required":true,"example":"on","selector":{"state":{"attribute":"swing_horizontal_mode","multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["climate"],"supported_features":[512]}]}}}},{"domain":"select","services":{"select_first":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["select"]}]}},"select_last":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["select"]}]}},"select_next":{"fields":{"cycle":{"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["select"]}]}},"select_option":{"fields":{"option":{"required":true,"example":"\"Item A\"","selector":{"state":{"hide_states":["unavailable","unknown"],"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["select"]}]}},"select_previous":{"fields":{"cycle":{"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["select"]}]}}}},{"domain":"humidifier","services":{"turn_on":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["humidifier"]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["humidifier"]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["humidifier"]}]}},"set_mode":{"fields":{"mode":{"required":true,"example":"away","selector":{"state":{"attribute":"mode","multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["humidifier"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"set_humidity":{"fields":{"humidity":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["humidifier"]}]}}}},{"domain":"button","services":{"press":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["button"]}]}}}},{"domain":"fan","services":{"turn_on":{"fields":{"percentage":{"filter":{"supported_features":[1]},"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"preset_mode":{"example":"auto","filter":{"supported_features":[8]},"selector":{"state":{"attribute":"preset_mode","multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["fan"],"supported_features":[32]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["fan"],"supported_features":[16]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["fan"]}]}},"increase_speed":{"fields":{"percentage_step":{"advanced":true,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["fan"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"decrease_speed":{"fields":{"percentage_step":{"advanced":true,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["fan"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"oscillate":{"fields":{"oscillating":{"required":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["fan"],"supported_features":[2]}]}},"set_direction":{"fields":{"direction":{"required":true,"selector":{"select":{"options":["forward","reverse"],"translation_key":"direction","custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["fan"],"supported_features":[4]}]}},"set_percentage":{"fields":{"percentage":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["fan"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"set_preset_mode":{"fields":{"preset_mode":{"required":true,"example":"auto","selector":{"state":{"attribute":"preset_mode","multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["fan"],"supported_features":[8]}]}}}},{"domain":"logbook","services":{"log":{"fields":{"name":{"required":true,"example":"Kitchen","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"message":{"required":true,"example":"is being used","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"entity_id":{"selector":{"entity":{"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"domain":{"example":"light","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}}}},{"domain":"zone","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"input_select","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}},"select_first":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_select"]}]}},"select_last":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_select"]}]}},"select_next":{"fields":{"cycle":{"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_select"]}]}},"select_option":{"fields":{"option":{"required":true,"example":"\"Item A\"","selector":{"state":{"hide_states":["unavailable","unknown"],"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_select"]}]}},"select_previous":{"fields":{"cycle":{"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_select"]}]}},"set_options":{"fields":{"options":{"required":true,"example":"[\"Item A\", \"Item B\", \"Item C\"]","selector":{"text":{"multiple":true,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_select"]}]}}}},{"domain":"input_number","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}},"set_value":{"fields":{"value":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":9223372036854776000,"step":0.001,"mode":"box"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_number"]}]}},"increment":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_number"]}]}},"decrement":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_number"]}]}}}},{"domain":"timer","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}},"start":{"fields":{"duration":{"example":"00:01:00 or 60","selector":{"duration":{"enable_second":true}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["timer"]}]}},"pause":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["timer"]}]}},"cancel":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["timer"]}]}},"finish":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["timer"]}]}},"change":{"fields":{"duration":{"default":0,"required":true,"example":"00:01:00, 60 or -60","selector":{"duration":{"allow_negative":true,"enable_second":true}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["timer"]}]}}}},{"domain":"input_button","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}},"press":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_button"]}]}}}},{"domain":"input_boolean","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}},"turn_on":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_boolean"]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_boolean"]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_boolean"]}]}}}},{"domain":"person","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"device_tracker","services":{"see":{"fields":{"mac":{"example":"FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"dev_id":{"example":"phonedave","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"host_name":{"example":"Dave","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"location_name":{"example":"home","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"gps":{"example":"[51.509802, -0.086692]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"gps_accuracy":{"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"mode":"box","unit_of_measurement":"m","step":1}}},"battery":{"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}}}}},{"domain":"xiaomi_cloud_map_extractor","services":{"reload":{"fields":{},"description":"Reload all entities of Xiaomi Cloud Map Extractor platform","name":"Reload"}}},{"domain":"camera","services":{"enable_motion_detection":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["camera"]}]}},"disable_motion_detection":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["camera"]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["camera"]}]}},"turn_on":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["camera"]}]}},"snapshot":{"fields":{"filename":{"required":true,"example":"/tmp/snapshot_{{ entity_id.name }}.jpg","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["camera"]}]}},"play_stream":{"fields":{"media_player":{"required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"format":{"default":"hls","selector":{"select":{"options":["hls"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["camera"]}]}},"record":{"fields":{"filename":{"required":true,"example":"/tmp/snapshot_{{ entity_id.name }}.mp4","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"duration":{"default":30,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":3600,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"lookback":{"default":0,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":300,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["camera"]}]}}}},{"domain":"image_processing","services":{"scan":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["image_processing"]}]}}}},{"domain":"siren","services":{"turn_on":{"fields":{"tone":{"example":"fire","filter":{"supported_features":[4]},"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"volume_level":{"example":0.5,"filter":{"supported_features":[8]},"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":1,"step":0.05,"mode":"slider"}}},"duration":{"example":15,"filter":{"supported_features":[16]},"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["siren"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["siren"],"supported_features":[2]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["siren"],"supported_features":[3]}]}}}},{"domain":"text","services":{"set_value":{"fields":{"value":{"required":true,"example":"Hello world!","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["text"]}]}}}},{"domain":"date","services":{"set_value":{"fields":{"date":{"required":true,"example":"2022/11/01","selector":{"date":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["date"]}]}}}},{"domain":"datetime","services":{"set_value":{"fields":{"datetime":{"required":true,"example":"2023-10-07T21:35:22","selector":{"datetime":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["datetime"]}]}}}},{"domain":"time","services":{"set_value":{"fields":{"time":{"required":true,"example":"22:15","selector":{"time":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["time"]}]}}}},{"domain":"assist_satellite","services":{"announce":{"fields":{"message":{"required":false,"example":"Time to wake up!","default":"","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"media_id":{"required":false,"selector":{"media":{"accept":["audio/*"],"multiple":false}}},"preannounce":{"required":false,"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"preannounce_media_id":{"required":false,"selector":{"media":{"accept":["audio/*"],"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["assist_satellite"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"start_conversation":{"fields":{"start_message":{"required":false,"example":"You left the lights on in the living room. Turn them off?","default":"","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"start_media_id":{"required":false,"selector":{"media":{"accept":["audio/*"],"multiple":false}}},"extra_system_prompt":{"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"preannounce":{"required":false,"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"preannounce_media_id":{"required":false,"selector":{"media":{"accept":["audio/*"],"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["assist_satellite"],"supported_features":[2]}]}},"ask_question":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"domain":["assist_satellite"],"supported_features":[2]}],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"question":{"required":false,"example":"What kind of music would you like to play?","default":"","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"question_media_id":{"required":false,"selector":{"media":{"accept":["audio/*"],"multiple":false}}},"preannounce":{"required":false,"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"preannounce_media_id":{"required":false,"selector":{"media":{"accept":["audio/*"],"multiple":false}}},"answers":{"required":false,"selector":{"object":{"label_field":"sentences","description_field":"id","multiple":true,"translation_key":"answers","fields":{"id":{"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"sentences":{"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":true,"multiline":false}}}}}}}},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"browser_mod","services":{"sequence":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"sequence":{"name":"Actions","description":"List of services to run","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}},"description":"Run a sequence of services","name":"sequence"},"delay":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"time":{"name":"Time","description":"Time to wait (ms)","selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Wait for a time","name":"delay"},"popup":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"popup_card_id":{"name":"Popup-card ID","description":"ID of the popup-card to use as a template for the popup","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"title":{"name":"Title","description":"Popup title","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"adaptive":{"name":"Use adaptive dialog","description":"Use adaptive dialog instead of standard dialog.","selector":{"boolean":{}}},"adaptive_allow_mode_change":{"name":"Allow adaptive mode change","description":"Allow adaptive dialog to continually change between standard and adaptive mode based on screen size instead of only on open. This can be used to make the popup responsive to screen size changes while open but may cause issues with content or styles.","selector":{"boolean":{}}},"adaptive_force_bottom_sheet":{"name":"Force bottom sheet in adaptive mode","description":"Force the popup to always open as a bottom sheet when in adaptive mode.","selector":{"boolean":{}}},"content":{"name":"Content","required":true,"description":"Popup content (Text or lovelace card configuration)","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"initial_style":{"name":"Initial Style","description":"Initial style to apply to the popup","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","custom_value":true,"options":["normal","classic","wide","fullscreen"],"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"style_sequence":{"name":"Style Sequence","description":"Sequence of styles to cycle through when user taps the title or with browser_mod.set_popup_style service","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","custom_value":true,"multiple":true,"options":["initial","normal","classic","wide","fullscreen"],"sort":false}}},"popup_styles":{"name":"Popup Styles","description":"Popup styles to apply. Use 'all' to always apply the style. You can add to standard styles or create your own","selector":{"object":{"label_field":"style","description_field":"include_styles","multiple":true,"fields":{"style":{"label":"Style","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","custom_value":true,"options":["normal","classic","wide","fullscreen","card","all"],"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"include_styles":{"label":"Also apply styles from...","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","custom_value":true,"multiple":true,"options":["normal","classic","wide","fullscreen"],"sort":false}}},"styles":{"label":"CSS Styles","selector":{"text":{"multiline":true,"multiple":false}}}}}}},"right_button":{"name":"Right button","description":"Text of the right button","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"right_button_variant":{"name":"Right button variant","description":"Variant of the right button","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","options":["brand","neutral","danger","warning","success"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"right_button_appearance":{"name":"Right button appearance","description":"Appearance of the right button","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","options":["accent","filled","outlined","plain"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"right_button_action":{"name":"Right button action","description":"Action to perform when the right button is pressed","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"left_button":{"name":"Left button","description":"Text of the left button","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"left_button_variant":{"name":"Left button variant","description":"Variant of the left button","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","options":["brand","neutral","danger","warning","success"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"left_button_appearance":{"name":"Left button appearance","description":"Appearance of the left button","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","options":["accent","filled","outlined","plain"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"left_button_action":{"name":"Left button action","description":"Action to perform when left button is pressed","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"dismissable":{"name":"User dismissable","description":"Whether the popup can be closed by the user without action","default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"dismiss_action":{"name":"Dismiss action","description":"Action to perform when popup is dismissed","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"autoclose":{"name":"Auto close","description":"Close the popup automatically on mouse, pointer or keyboard activity","default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"timeout":{"name":"Auto close timeout","description":"Time before closing (ms)","selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"timeout_action":{"name":"Timeout action","description":"Action to perform when popup is closed by timeout","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"timeout_hide_progress":{"name":"Hide timeout progress","description":"Hide timeout progress bar","selector":{"boolean":{}}},"tag":{"name":"Tag","description":"Tag for managing multiple popups","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Display a popup","name":"popup"},"more_info":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"entity":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"view":{"name":"View","description":"More-info view to show","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","options":["info","history","settings","related"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"large":{"name":"Large size","description":"","default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"ignore_popup_card":{"name":"Ignore any active popup-card overrides","description":"","default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"close":{"name":"Close existing more-info dialog","description":"Close the more-info dialog if open","default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Show more-info dialog","name":"more_info"},"close_popup":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"all":{"name":"All popups","description":"Close all Browser Mod popups on the browser","default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"tag":{"name":"Tag","description":"Tag for popup to close when using multiple popups","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Close a popup","name":"close_popup"},"set_popup_style":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"all":{"name":"All popups","description":"Set style for all open Browser Mod popups on the browser","default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"tag":{"name":"Tag","description":"Tag for popup to set style for when using multiple popups","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"style":{"name":"Style","description":"Style to apply to the popup","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","custom_value":true,"options":["normal","classic","wide","fullscreen"],"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"direction":{"name":"Direction","description":"Direction to cycle through style sequence","selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","options":["forward","back"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"description":"Set the style of a popup","name":"Set popup style"},"notification":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"message":{"name":"Message","description":"Message to display","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"duration":{"name":"Auto close timeout","description":"Time before closing (ms)","selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"action_text":{"name":"Action button text","description":"Text of optional action button","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"action":{"name":"Button action","description":"Action to perform when the action button is pressed","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}},"description":"Display a short notification","name":"notification"},"navigate":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"path":{"name":"Path","description":"Target path","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Navigate browser to a different page","name":"navigate"},"refresh":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}}},"description":"Refresh page","name":"refresh"},"change_browser_id":{"fields":{"current_browser_id":{"name":"Current Browser ID","description":"Current Browser ID of the browser to change","selector":{"device":{"multiple":false,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"new_browser_id":{"name":"New ID","description":"New Browser ID for the browser","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"register":{"name":"Register","description":"Register the browser","selector":{"boolean":{}}},"refresh":{"name":"Refresh","description":"Refresh the browser after changing the ID","default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Change browser ID","name":"change_browser_id"},"set_theme":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"theme":{"name":"Theme","description":"Name of theme or 'auto'","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"dark":{"name":"Mode","description":"Dark/light mode","selector":{"select":{"options":["auto","light","dark"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"primaryColor":{"name":"Primary Color","description":"Primary theme color","selector":{"color_rgb":{}}},"accentColor":{"name":"Accent Color","description":"Accent theme color","selector":{"color_rgb":{}}}},"description":"Change the current theme","name":"set_theme"},"console":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"message":{"name":"Message","description":"Text to print","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Print text to browser console","name":"console"},"javascript":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browser","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"user_id":{"name":"Target User","description":"","selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"domain":["person"]}],"reorder":false}}},"code":{"name":"Code","description":"JavaScript code to run","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}},"description":"Run arbitrary JavaScript code","name":"javascript"},"deregister_browser":{"fields":{"browser_id":{"name":"Target Browsers","description":"","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"browser_id_exclude":{"name":"Browsers to exclude","description":"Exclude browser from deregister","selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"filter":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}]}}},"area_id_exclude":{"name":"Areas to exclude","description":"Exclude browsers in area from deregister","selector":{"area":{"multiple":true,"entity":[{"integration":"browser_mod"}],"reorder":false}}}},"description":"Deregister a browser. Include at leaset one paremeter. Calling wiith either exclude parameter will deregister all browsers except those excluded.","name":"deregister_browser"}}},{"domain":"file","services":{"read_file":{"fields":{"file_name":{"example":"www/my_file.json","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"file_encoding":{"example":"JSON","selector":{"select":{"options":["JSON","YAML"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"localtuya","services":{"reload":{"fields":{},"description":"Reload localtuya and reconnect to all devices."},"set_dp":{"fields":{"device_id":{"description":"Device ID of device to change datapoint value for","example":"11100118278aab4de001"},"dp":{"description":"Datapoint index","example":1},"value":{"description":"New value to set","example":false}},"description":"Change the value of a datapoint (DP)"}}},{"domain":"mqtt","services":{"publish":{"fields":{"topic":{"required":true,"example":"/homeassistant/hello","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"payload":{"example":"The temperature is {{ states('sensor.temperature') }}","selector":{"template":{}}},"evaluate_payload":{"advanced":true,"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"qos":{"advanced":true,"default":0,"selector":{"select":{"options":["0","1","2"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"retain":{"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}}},"dump":{"fields":{"topic":{"example":"OpenZWave/#","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"duration":{"default":5,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":300,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}}},"reload":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"openai_conversation","services":{"generate_content":{"fields":{"config_entry":{"required":true,"selector":{"config_entry":{"integration":"openai_conversation"}}},"prompt":{"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiline":true,"multiple":false}},"example":"Hello, how can I help you?"},"filenames":{"selector":{"text":{"multiline":true,"multiple":false}},"example":"- /path/to/file1.txt\n- /path/to/file2.txt\n"}},"response":{"optional":false}},"generate_image":{"fields":{"config_entry":{"required":true,"selector":{"config_entry":{"integration":"openai_conversation"}}},"prompt":{"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiline":true,"multiple":false}}},"size":{"required":false,"example":"1024x1024","default":"1024x1024","selector":{"select":{"options":["1024x1024","1024x1792","1792x1024"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"quality":{"required":false,"example":"standard","default":"standard","selector":{"select":{"options":["standard","hd"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"style":{"required":false,"example":"vivid","default":"vivid","selector":{"select":{"options":["vivid","natural"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"shopping_list","services":{"add_item":{"fields":{"name":{"required":true,"example":"Beer","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"remove_item":{"fields":{"name":{"required":true,"example":"Beer","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"complete_item":{"fields":{"name":{"required":true,"example":"Beer","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"incomplete_item":{"fields":{"name":{"example":"Beer","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"complete_all":{"fields":{}},"incomplete_all":{"fields":{}},"clear_completed_items":{"fields":{}},"sort":{"fields":{"reverse":{"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}}}}},{"domain":"webrtc","services":{"create_link":{"fields":{"link_id":{"example":"fd0a53ca-e9ab-4e7a-86a2-441642b16ae1","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"url":{"example":"rtsp://rtsp:12345678@192.168.1.123:554/av_stream/ch0","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"entity":{"example":"camera.generic_stream","selector":{"entity":{"domain":["camera"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"open_limit":{"default":1,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"times","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"time_to_live":{"default":60,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100000,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}}},"dash_cast":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"example":"media_player.mibox4","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"cast","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"url":{"example":"rtsp://rtsp:12345678@192.168.1.123:554/av_stream/ch0","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"entity":{"example":"camera.generic_stream","selector":{"entity":{"domain":["camera"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"extra":{"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"force":{"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"hass_url":{"example":"http://192.168.1.123:8123","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}}}},{"domain":"google_generative_ai_conversation","services":{"generate_content":{"fields":{"prompt":{"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiline":true,"multiple":false}}},"filenames":{"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":true,"multiline":false}}}},"description_placeholders":{"example_image_path":"/config/www/image.jpg"},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"media_extractor","services":{"extract_media_url":{"fields":{"url":{"required":true,"example":"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"format_query":{"example":"best","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"response":{"optional":false}},"play_media":{"fields":{"media_content_id":{"required":true,"example":"https://soundcloud.com/bruttoband/brutto-11","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"media_content_type":{"required":true,"selector":{"select":{"options":["CHANNEL","EPISODE","PLAYLIST MUSIC","MUSIC","TVSHOW","VIDEO"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["media_player"]}]}}}},{"domain":"matter","services":{"water_heater_boost":{"fields":{"duration":{"selector":{"number":{"min":60,"max":14400,"step":60,"mode":"box"}},"default":3600,"required":true},"emergency_boost":{"selector":{"boolean":{}},"default":false},"temporary_setpoint":{"selector":{"number":{"min":30,"max":65,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}},"default":65}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["water_heater"],"integration":"matter"}]}},"set_lock_user":{"fields":{"user_index":{"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":255,"step":1,"mode":"box"}}},"user_name":{"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"user_type":{"selector":{"select":{"options":["unrestricted_user","year_day_schedule_user","week_day_schedule_user","programming_user","non_access_user","forced_user","disposable_user","expiring_user","schedule_restricted_user","remote_only_user"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"credential_rule":{"selector":{"select":{"options":["single","dual","tri"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"matter"}]}},"clear_lock_user":{"fields":{"user_index":{"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65534,"step":1,"mode":"box"}},"required":true}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"matter"}]}},"get_lock_info":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"matter"}]},"response":{"optional":false}},"get_lock_users":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"matter"}]},"response":{"optional":false}},"set_lock_credential":{"fields":{"credential_type":{"selector":{"select":{"options":["pin","rfid","fingerprint","finger_vein","face"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}},"required":true},"credential_data":{"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}},"required":true},"credential_index":{"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":65534,"step":1,"mode":"box"}}},"user_index":{"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65534,"step":1,"mode":"box"}}},"user_status":{"selector":{"select":{"options":["occupied_enabled","occupied_disabled"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"user_type":{"selector":{"select":{"options":["unrestricted_user","year_day_schedule_user","week_day_schedule_user","programming_user","non_access_user","forced_user","disposable_user","expiring_user","schedule_restricted_user","remote_only_user"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"matter"}]},"response":{"optional":false}},"clear_lock_credential":{"fields":{"credential_type":{"selector":{"select":{"options":["pin","rfid","fingerprint","finger_vein","face"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}},"required":true},"credential_index":{"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":65534,"step":1,"mode":"box"}},"required":true}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"matter"}]}},"get_lock_credential_status":{"fields":{"credential_type":{"selector":{"select":{"options":["programming_pin","pin","rfid","fingerprint","finger_vein","face","aliro_credential_issuer_key","aliro_evictable_endpoint_key","aliro_non_evictable_endpoint_key"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}},"required":true},"credential_index":{"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":65534,"step":1,"mode":"box"}},"required":true}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"matter"}]},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"zwave_js","services":{"set_config_parameter":{"fields":{"area_id":{"example":"living_room","selector":{"area":{"device":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"device_id":{"example":"8f4219cfa57e23f6f669c4616c2205e2","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true}}},"entity_id":{"example":"sensor.living_room_temperature","selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"endpoint":{"example":1,"default":0,"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"parameter":{"example":"Minimum brightness level","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"bitmask":{"advanced":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"value":{"example":5,"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"value_size":{"example":1,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":4,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"value_format":{"example":1,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":3,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}}},"bulk_set_partial_config_parameters":{"fields":{"area_id":{"example":"living_room","selector":{"area":{"device":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"device_id":{"example":"8f4219cfa57e23f6f669c4616c2205e2","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true}}},"entity_id":{"example":"sensor.living_room_temperature","selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"endpoint":{"example":1,"default":0,"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"parameter":{"example":9,"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"value":{"example":"\"0x1\": 1\n\"0x10\": 1\n\"0x20\": 1\n\"0x40\": 1\n","required":true,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}}},"refresh_value":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"required":true,"example":"- sensor.family_room_motion\n- switch.kitchen\n","selector":{"entity":{"integration":"zwave_js","multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"refresh_all_values":{"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}}},"set_value":{"fields":{"area_id":{"example":"living_room","selector":{"area":{"device":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"device_id":{"example":"8f4219cfa57e23f6f669c4616c2205e2","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true}}},"entity_id":{"example":"sensor.living_room_temperature","selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"command_class":{"example":117,"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"endpoint":{"example":1,"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"property":{"example":"currentValue","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"property_key":{"example":1,"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"value":{"example":"ffbb99","required":true,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"options":{"required":false,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"wait_for_result":{"required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}}},"multicast_set_value":{"fields":{"area_id":{"example":"living_room","selector":{"area":{"device":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"device_id":{"example":"8f4219cfa57e23f6f669c4616c2205e2","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true}}},"entity_id":{"example":"sensor.living_room_temperature","selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"broadcast":{"example":true,"required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"command_class":{"example":117,"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"endpoint":{"example":1,"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"property":{"example":"currentValue","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"property_key":{"example":1,"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"options":{"required":false,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"value":{"example":"ffbb99","required":true,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}}},"ping":{"fields":{"area_id":{"example":"living_room","selector":{"area":{"device":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"device_id":{"example":"8f4219cfa57e23f6f669c4616c2205e2","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true}}},"entity_id":{"example":"sensor.living_room_temperature","selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}}}},"invoke_cc_api":{"fields":{"area_id":{"example":"living_room","selector":{"area":{"device":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"device_id":{"example":"8f4219cfa57e23f6f669c4616c2205e2","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true}}},"entity_id":{"example":"sensor.living_room_temperature","selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"command_class":{"example":132,"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"endpoint":{"example":1,"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"method_name":{"example":"setInterval","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"parameters":{"example":"[1, 1]","required":true,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}},"description_placeholders":{"api_docs_url":"https://zwave-js.github.io/node-zwave-js/#/api/CCs/index"}},"refresh_notifications":{"fields":{"area_id":{"example":"living_room","selector":{"area":{"device":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"device_id":{"example":"8f4219cfa57e23f6f669c4616c2205e2","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true}}},"entity_id":{"example":"sensor.living_room_temperature","selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js"}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"notification_type":{"example":1,"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":22,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"notification_event":{"example":1,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":255,"mode":"box","step":1}}}}},"get_lock_usercode":{"fields":{"code_slot":{"required":false,"example":1,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"zwave_js"}]},"response":{"optional":false}},"set_lock_usercode":{"fields":{"code_slot":{"required":true,"example":1,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"usercode":{"required":true,"example":1234,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"zwave_js"}]}},"clear_lock_usercode":{"fields":{"code_slot":{"required":true,"example":1,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"zwave_js"}]}},"set_lock_configuration":{"fields":{"operation_type":{"required":true,"example":"timed","selector":{"select":{"options":["constant","timed"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"lock_timeout":{"required":false,"example":1,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":65535,"unit_of_measurement":"sec","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"auto_relock_time":{"required":false,"example":1,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":65535,"unit_of_measurement":"sec","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"hold_and_release_time":{"required":false,"example":1,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":65535,"unit_of_measurement":"sec","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"twist_assist":{"required":false,"example":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"block_to_block":{"required":false,"example":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"zwave_js"}]}},"reset_meter":{"fields":{"area_id":{"example":"living_room","selector":{"area":{"entity":[{"integration":"zwave_js","domain":["sensor"]}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"device_id":{"example":"8f4219cfa57e23f6f669c4616c2205e2","selector":{"device":{"entity":[{"integration":"zwave_js","domain":["sensor"]}],"multiple":true}}},"entity_id":{"example":"sensor.living_room_temperature","selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"integration":"zwave_js","domain":["sensor"]}],"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}},"meter_type":{"example":1,"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"value":{"example":5,"required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}}}},{"domain":"cast","services":{"show_lovelace_view":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"cast","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"dashboard_path":{"example":"lovelace-cast","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"view_path":{"required":true,"example":"downstairs","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}}}},{"domain":"schedule","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}},"get_schedule":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["schedule"]}]},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"input_text","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}},"set_value":{"fields":{"value":{"required":true,"example":"This is an example text","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_text"]}]}}}},{"domain":"counter","services":{"increment":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["counter"]}]}},"decrement":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["counter"]}]}},"reset":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["counter"]}]}},"set_value":{"fields":{"value":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":9223372036854776000,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["counter"]}]}}}},{"domain":"androidtv","services":{"adb_command":{"fields":{"command":{"required":true,"example":"HOME","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"androidtv","domain":["media_player"]}]}},"learn_sendevent":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"androidtv","domain":["media_player"]}]}},"download":{"fields":{"device_path":{"required":true,"example":"/storage/emulated/0/Download/example.txt","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"local_path":{"required":true,"example":"/config/www/example.txt","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"androidtv","domain":["media_player"]}]}},"upload":{"fields":{"device_path":{"required":true,"example":"/storage/emulated/0/Download/example.txt","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"local_path":{"required":true,"example":"/config/www/example.txt","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"androidtv","domain":["media_player"]}]}}}},{"domain":"vesync","services":{"update_devices":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"xiaomi_miio","services":{"vacuum_remote_control_start":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"xiaomi_miio","domain":["vacuum"]}]}},"vacuum_remote_control_stop":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"xiaomi_miio","domain":["vacuum"]}]}},"vacuum_remote_control_move":{"fields":{"velocity":{"selector":{"number":{"min":-0.29,"max":0.29,"step":0.01,"mode":"slider"}}},"rotation":{"selector":{"number":{"min":-179,"max":179,"unit_of_measurement":"°","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"duration":{"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":86400,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"xiaomi_miio","domain":["vacuum"]}]}},"vacuum_remote_control_move_step":{"fields":{"velocity":{"selector":{"number":{"min":-0.29,"max":0.29,"step":0.01,"mode":"slider"}}},"rotation":{"selector":{"number":{"min":-179,"max":179,"unit_of_measurement":"°","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"duration":{"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":86400,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"xiaomi_miio","domain":["vacuum"]}]}},"vacuum_clean_zone":{"fields":{"zone":{"example":"[[23510,25311,25110,26362]]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"repeats":{"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":3,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"xiaomi_miio","domain":["vacuum"]}]}},"vacuum_goto":{"fields":{"x_coord":{"example":27500,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"y_coord":{"example":32000,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"xiaomi_miio","domain":["vacuum"]}]}},"vacuum_clean_segment":{"fields":{"segments":{"example":"[1,2]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"xiaomi_miio","domain":["vacuum"]}]}}}},{"domain":"input_datetime","services":{"reload":{"fields":{}},"set_datetime":{"fields":{"date":{"example":"\"2019-04-20\"","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"time":{"example":"\"05:04:20\"","selector":{"time":{}}},"datetime":{"example":"\"2019-04-20 05:04:20\"","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"timestamp":{"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":9223372036854776000,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["input_datetime"]}]}}}},{"domain":"roborock","services":{"get_maps":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"roborock","domain":["vacuum"]}]},"response":{"optional":false}},"get_vacuum_current_position":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"roborock","domain":["vacuum"]}]},"response":{"optional":false}},"set_vacuum_goto_position":{"fields":{"x":{"example":27500,"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"type":"number","multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"y":{"example":32000,"required":true,"selector":{"text":{"type":"number","multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"roborock","domain":["vacuum"]}]}}}},{"domain":"rest_command","services":{"cat_lights_webhook":{"fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"cat_wash_webhook":{"fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"cat_knob_press_webhook":{"fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"cat_volume_webhook":{"fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"cat_lights_confirm_webhook":{"fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"reload":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"ai_task","services":{"generate_data":{"fields":{"task_name":{"example":"home summary","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"instructions":{"example":"Generate a funny notification that the garage door was left open","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiline":true,"multiple":false}}},"entity_id":{"required":false,"selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"domain":["ai_task"],"supported_features":[1]}],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"structure":{"required":false,"example":"{ \"name\": { \"selector\": { \"text\": }, \"description\": \"Name of the user\", \"required\": \"True\" } } }, \"age\": { \"selector\": { \"number\": }, \"description\": \"Age of the user\" } }","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"attachments":{"required":false,"selector":{"media":{"accept":["*"],"multiple":true}}}},"response":{"optional":false}},"generate_image":{"fields":{"task_name":{"example":"picture of a dog","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"instructions":{"example":"Generate a high quality square image of a dog on transparent background","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiline":true,"multiple":false}}},"entity_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"filter":[{"domain":["ai_task"],"supported_features":[4]}],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"attachments":{"required":false,"selector":{"media":{"accept":["*"],"multiple":true}}}},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"homekit","services":{"reset_accessory":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"multiple":true,"reorder":false}}}}},"unpair":{"fields":{"device_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"device":{"multiple":true,"integration":"homekit"}}}}},"reload":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"o365","services":{"migrate_config":{"fields":{},"description":"Create disabled MS365 config entries based on existing O365 config","name":"Migrate existing O365 config to MS365"}}},{"domain":"spotifyplus","services":{"add_player_queue_items":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"uris":{"name":"URI's","description":"A list of Spotify track or episode URIs to add to the queue (spotify:track:6zd8T1PBe9JFHmuVnurdRp, spotify:track:1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy); values can be track or episode URIs.  All URIs must be of the same type - you cannot mix and match tracks and episodes.  An unlimited number of items can be added in one request, but the more items the longer it will take.","example":"spotify:track:6zd8T1PBe9JFHmuVnurdRp","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an '*' is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"verify_device_id":{"name":"Verify Device ID?","description":"DEPRECATED - no longer used, but left here to maintain compatibility.","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the final add request (if necessary). This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.15; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.15","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Add one or more items to the end of the user's current Spotify Player playback queue.","name":"Add Player Queue Items"},"check_album_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify album id's (e.g. `6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE,382ObEPsp2rxGrnsizN5TX`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing track album uri id value is used.","example":"6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE,382ObEPsp2rxGrnsizN5TX","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Check if one or more albums (or the currently playing album) exists in the current user's 'Your Library' favorites.","name":"Check Album Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"check_artists_following":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify artist id's (e.g. `2CIMQHirSU0MQqyYHq0eOx,1IQ2e1buppatiN1bxUVkrk`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing track artist uri id value is used.","example":"2CIMQHirSU0MQqyYHq0eOx,1IQ2e1buppatiN1bxUVkrk","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Check if one or more artists (or the currently playing artists) is followed in the current user's 'Your Library' favorites.","name":"Check Artists Following","response":{"optional":false}},"check_audiobook_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify audiobook id's (e.g. `3PFyizE2tGCSRLusl2Qizf,7iHfbu1YPACw6oZPAFJtqe`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing audiobook uri id value is used.","example":"3PFyizE2tGCSRLusl2Qizf,7iHfbu1YPACw6oZPAFJtqe","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Check if one or more audiobooks (or the currently playing audiobook) exists in the current user's 'Your Library' favorites.","name":"Check Audiobook Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"check_episode_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify episode id's (e.g. `3F97boSWlXi8OzuhWClZHQ,1hPX5WJY6ja6yopgVPBqm4`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing episode uri id value is used.","example":"3F97boSWlXi8OzuhWClZHQ,1hPX5WJY6ja6yopgVPBqm4","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Check if one or more episodes (or the currently playing episode) exists in the current user's 'Your Library' favorites.","name":"Check Episode Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"check_playlist_followers":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify playlist id's (e.g. `3cEYpjA9oz9GiPac4AsH4n`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing playlist uri id value is used.","example":"3cEYpjA9oz9GiPac4AsH4n","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"user_ids":{"name":"User ID's","description":"DEPRECATED - no longer used, but left here to maintain compatibility.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Check if one or more playlists (or the currently playing playlist) is followed in the current user's 'Your Library' favorites.","name":"Check Playlist Followers","response":{"optional":false}},"check_show_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify show id's (e.g. `6kAsbP8pxwaU2kPibKTuHE,4rOoJ6Egrf8K2IrywzwOMk`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing show uri id value is used.","example":"6kAsbP8pxwaU2kPibKTuHE,4rOoJ6Egrf8K2IrywzwOMk","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Check if one or more shows (or the currently playing show) exists in the current user's 'Your Library' favorites.","name":"Check Show Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"check_track_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify track id's (e.g. `1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy,4eoYKv2kDwJS7gRGh5q6SK`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing context uri id value is used.","example":"1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy,4eoYKv2kDwJS7gRGh5q6SK","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Check if one or more tracks (or the currently playing track) exists in the current user's 'Your Library' favorites.","name":"Check Track Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"check_user_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"uris":{"name":"URI's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify item uri's (e.g. `spotify:artist:6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q,spotify:track:1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy`).  A maximum of 40 uri's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing item uri value is used.","example":"spotify:artist:6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q,spotify:album:6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE,spotify:track:1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Check if one or more items (or the currently playing item) exists in the current user's 'Your Library' favorites. Accepts Spotify URIs for tracks, albums, artists, episodes, shows, audiobooks, artists, users, and playlists.","name":"Check User Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"check_users_following":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify user ID's to check (e.g. `smedjan, 7piUznRWxNyKpaPvmOSdiZ`).  A maximum of 50 ID's can be specified.","example":"smedjan, 7piUznRWxNyKpaPvmOSdiZ","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Check to see if the current user is following one or more users.","name":"Check Users Following","response":{"optional":false}},"follow_artists":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify artist id's (e.g. `2CIMQHirSU0MQqyYHq0eOx,1IQ2e1buppatiN1bxUVkrk`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing track artist uri id value is used.","example":"2CIMQHirSU0MQqyYHq0eOx,1IQ2e1buppatiN1bxUVkrk","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Add the current user as a follower of one or more artists.","name":"Follow Artists"},"follow_playlist":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify playlist id's (e.g. `3cEYpjA9oz9GiPac4AsH4n`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing playlist uri id value is used.","example":"3cEYpjA9oz9GiPac4AsH4n","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"public":{"name":"Public?","description":"DEPRECATED - no longer used, but left here to maintain compatibility.","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Add the current user as a follower of a playlist.","name":"Follow Playlist"},"follow_users":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of the Spotify user IDs (e.g. 'smedjan,3758dfdsfjk435hjk6k79lm0n3c4').  A maximum of 50 IDs can be sent in one request.","example":"smedjan,3758dfdsfjk435hjk6k79lm0n3c4","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Add the current user as a follower of one or more users.","name":"Follow Users"},"get_album":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"album_id":{"name":"Album Id","description":"The Spotify ID of the album.  If omitted, the currently playing album uri id value is used.","example":"6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information for a single album.","name":"Get Album","response":{"optional":false}},"get_album_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get a list of the albums saved in the current Spotify user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Get Album Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"get_album_new_releases":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"country":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get a list of new album releases featured in Spotify.","name":"Get Album New Releases","response":{"optional":false}},"get_album_tracks":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"album_id":{"name":"Album ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the album (e.g. `6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE`). If null, the currently playing album uri id value is used; a Spotify Free or Premium account is required to correctly read the currently playing context.","example":"6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about an album's tracks.","name":"Get Album Tracks","response":{"optional":false}},"get_artist":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"artist_id":{"name":"Artist Id","description":"The Spotify ID of the artist.  If omitted, the currently playing artist uri id value is used.","example":"6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information for a single artist.","name":"Get Artist","response":{"optional":false}},"get_artist_albums":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"artist_id":{"name":"Artist Id","description":"The Spotify ID of the artist.  If omitted, the currently playing artist uri id value is used.","example":"6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"include_groups":{"name":"Include Groups","description":"A comma-separated list of keywords that will be used to filter the response.  If not supplied, only `album` types will be returned. Valid values are `album`, `single`, `appears_on`, `compilation`.","example":"album","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about an artist's albums.","name":"Get Artist Albums","response":{"optional":false}},"get_artist_info":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"artist_id":{"name":"Artist Id","description":"The Spotify ID of the artist.  If omitted, the currently playing artist uri id value is used.","example":"6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get artist about information from the Spotify Artist Biography page for the specified Spotify artist ID.","name":"Get Artist Info","response":{"optional":false}},"get_artist_related_artists":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"artist_id":{"name":"Artist Id","description":"The Spotify ID of the artist.  If omitted, the currently playing artist uri id value is used.","example":"6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about artists similar to a given artist. Similarity is based on analysis of the Spotify community's listening history.","name":"Get Artist Related Artists","response":{"optional":false}},"get_artist_top_tracks":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"artist_id":{"name":"Artist Id","description":"The Spotify ID of the artist.  If omitted, the currently playing artist uri id value is used.","example":"6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about an artist's top tracks by country.","name":"Get Artist Top Tracks","response":{"optional":false}},"get_artists_followed":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"after":{"name":"After","description":"The last artist ID retrieved from the previous request, or null for the first request.","example":"6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get the current user's followed artists.","name":"Get Artists Followed","response":{"optional":false}},"get_audiobook":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"audiobook_id":{"name":"Audiobook Id","description":"The Spotify ID for the audiobook (e.g. `74aydHJKgYz3AIq3jjBSv1`). If null, the currently playing audiobook uri id value is used.","example":"74aydHJKgYz3AIq3jjBSv1","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information for a single audiobook.","name":"Get Audiobook","response":{"optional":false}},"get_audiobook_chapters":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"audiobook_id":{"name":"Audiobook Id","description":"The Spotify ID for the audiobook (e.g. `74aydHJKgYz3AIq3jjBSv1`). If null, the currently playing audiobook uri id value is used.","example":"74aydHJKgYz3AIq3jjBSv1","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about an audiobook's chapters.","name":"Get Audiobook Chapters","response":{"optional":false}},"get_audiobook_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get a list of the audiobooks saved in the current Spotify user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Get Audiobook Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"get_browse_categorys_list":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"country":{"name":"Country","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"locale":{"name":"Locale","description":"The desired language, consisting of a lowercase ISO 639-1 language code and an uppercase ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code, joined by an underscore.  For example `es_MX`, meaning `Spanish (Mexico)`.  Provide this parameter if you want the results returned in a particular language (where available).  Note that if locale is not supplied, or if the specified language is not available, all strings will be returned in the Spotify default language (American English).","example":"es_MX","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"refresh":{"name":"Refresh Cache?","description":"True to return real-time information from the spotify web api and update the cache; otherwise, False to just return the cached value.","example":"False","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get a sorted list of ALL categories used to tag items in Spotify.","name":"Get Browse Categorys List","response":{"optional":false}},"get_category_playlists":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"category_id":{"name":"Category ID","description":"Spotify category ID (not name) for the category.","example":"dinner","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"country":{"name":"Country","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get a list of Spotify playlists tagged with a particular category.","name":"Get Category Playlists","response":{"optional":false}},"get_chapter":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"chapter_id":{"name":"Chapter Id","description":"The Spotify ID for the chapter.  If omitted, the currently playing chapter uri id value is used.","example":"3V0yw9UDrYAfkhAvTrvt9Y","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information for a single audiobook chapter identified by its unique Spotify ID.","name":"Get Chapter","response":{"optional":false}},"get_cover_image_file":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"image_url":{"name":"Image URL","description":"The cover image url whose contents are to be retrieved.","example":"https://i.scdn.co/image/ab67616d0000b27316c019c87a927829804caf0b","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"output_path":{"name":"Output Path","description":"Fully-qualified path to store the downloaded image to.","example":"/config/www/images/cover_file_image.jpg","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Gets the contents of an image url and transfers the contents to the local file system.","name":"Get Cover Image File"},"get_device_playback_state":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  This could be an id, name, a default device indicator (e.g. \"*\"), or null to utilize the active player device.","example":"Sonos 01","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get information about the current playback state, including track or episode, and progress. If the Spotify Web API reports nothing as playing, then the device-specific playback state is returned (if one exists).","name":"Get Device Playback State","response":{"optional":false}},"get_episode":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"episode_id":{"name":"Episode Id","description":"The Spotify ID for the episode.  If omitted, the currently playing episode uri id value is used.","example":"26c0zVyOv1lzfYpBXdh1zC","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information for a single episode identified by its unique Spotify ID.","name":"Get Episode","response":{"optional":false}},"get_episode_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get a list of the episodes saved in the current Spotify user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Get Episode Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"get_featured_playlists":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"country":{"name":"Country","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"locale":{"name":"Locale","description":"The desired language, consisting of a lowercase ISO 639-1 language code and an uppercase ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code, joined by an underscore.  For example `es_MX`, meaning `Spanish (Mexico)`.  Provide this parameter if you want the results returned in a particular language (where available).  Note that if locale is not supplied, or if the specified language is not available, all strings will be returned in the Spotify default language (American English).","example":"es_MX","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"timestamp":{"name":"Timestamp","description":"A timestamp in ISO 8601 format (yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss). Use this parameter to specify the user's local time to get results tailored for that specific date and time in the day. If not provided, the response defaults to the current UTC time.","example":"2023-10-23T09:00:00","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get a list of Spotify featured playlists.","name":"Get Featured Playlists","response":{"optional":false}},"get_id_from_uri":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"uri":{"name":"URI Value","description":"Spotify URI value to parse. Example: `spotify:track:6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE`.","example":"spotify:track:6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Gets the Id portion of a Spotify URI value.","name":"Get Id From Uri","response":{"optional":false}},"get_image_palette_colors":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"image_source":{"name":"Image Source","description":"The image source to extract color palette information from.  If the prefix of the value is `http:` or `https:`, then the image is downloaded from the url.  This can also point to a filename on the local file system.  If null, the currently playing Spotify track image url is used.  Example = `http://mydomain/image1.jpg`, `c:/image1.jpg`","example":"https://i.scdn.co/image/ab67616d0000b273b3f691a43c5d139895f8cc3d","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"color_count":{"name":"Color Count","description":"The size of the palette (max number of colors).  Default is 10.  Range is 1 to 256.","example":10,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":256,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"color_quality":{"name":"Color Quality","description":"Controls the processing time and quality of the palette generation.  A lower value (e.g. 1) results in higher quality but takes more processing time, while a higher value (e.g. 5) is faster but may result in a lower-quality palette.  Default is 3; Range is 1 to 10.","example":3,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"brightness_filter_low":{"name":"Brightness Filter Low","description":"Removes colors that are too dark based on their brightness value.  Range is 0 to 765.  Default is None.","example":200,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":765,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"brightness_filter_high":{"name":"Brightness Filter High","description":"Removes colors that are too light based on their brightness value.  Range is 0 to 765.  Default is None.","example":600,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":765,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"hue_distance_filter":{"name":"Hue Distance Filter","description":"Remove colors that are too close to each other for the specified hue.  This keeps the colors looking fairly distinct.  Range is 0 to 360.  Default is None.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":360,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get color palette RGB values from the specified image source.","name":"Get Image Palette Colors","response":{"optional":false}},"get_image_vibrant_colors":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"image_source":{"name":"Image Source","description":"The image source to extract color palette information from.  If the prefix of the value is `http:` or `https:`, then the image is downloaded from the url.  This can also point to a filename on the local file system.  If null, the currently playing Spotify track image url is used.  Example = `http://mydomain/image1.jpg`, `c:/image1.jpg`","example":"https://i.scdn.co/image/ab67616d0000b2733deaee5f76ab2da15dd8db86","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"color_count":{"name":"Color Count","description":"The number of colors in the initial palette from which swatches will be generated.  Default is 64; Range is 1 to 256.","example":64,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":256,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"color_quality":{"name":"Color Quality","description":"Controls the processing time and quality of the palette generation.  A lower value (e.g. 1) results in higher quality but takes more processing time, while a higher value (e.g. 5) is faster but may result in a lower-quality palette.  Default is 5; Range is 1 to 10.","example":5,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get vibrant color palette values from the specified image source.","name":"Get Image Vibrant Colors","response":{"optional":false}},"get_player_devices":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"refresh":{"name":"Refresh?","description":"True to return real-time information from the spotify web api and update the cache; otherwise, False to just return the cached value.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get information about a user's available Spotify Connect player devices.  Some device models are not supported and will not be listed in the API response.","name":"Get Player Devices","response":{"optional":false}},"get_player_playback_state":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"additional_types":{"name":"Additional Types","description":"A comma-separated list of item types that your client supports besides the default track type. Valid types are 'track' and 'episode'.","example":"episode","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get information about the user's current playback state, including track or episode, progress, and active device.","name":"Get Player Playback State","response":{"optional":false}},"get_player_last_played_info":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}}},"description":"Get information about the content that was last playing on the Spotify Player, including context, item (track / episode), progress, and active device.","name":"Get Player Last Played Information","response":{"optional":false}},"get_player_now_playing":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"additional_types":{"name":"Additional Types","description":"A comma-separated list of item types that your client supports besides the default track type. Valid types are 'track' and 'episode'.","example":"episode","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get the object currently being played on the user's Spotify account.","name":"Get Player Now Playing","response":{"optional":false}},"get_player_queue_info":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}}},"description":"Get the list of objects that make up the user's playback queue.","name":"Get Player Queue Info","response":{"optional":false}},"get_player_recent_tracks":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"after":{"name":"After Time MS","description":"Returns all items after (but not including) this cursor position, which is a Unix timestamp in milliseconds.  If `after` is specified, `before` must not be specified.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is `0` (the first item).","example":1706218456821,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":99999999999999,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"before":{"name":"Before Time MS","description":"Returns all items before (but not including) this cursor position, which is a Unix timestamp in milliseconds.  If `before` is specified, `after` must not be specified.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is `0` (the first item).","example":1706218467821,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":99999999999999,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get tracks from the current user's recently played tracks; currently doesn't support podcast episodes, and only 50 items may be returned due to spotify limits.","name":"Get Player Recent Tracks","response":{"optional":false}},"get_playlist":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist Id","description":"The Spotify ID of the playlist.  If omitted, the currently playing playlist uri id value is used.","example":"5v5ETK9WFXAnGQ3MRubKuE","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"fields":{"name":"Fields","description":"A comma-separated list of fields to return from the Spotify Web API. All fields are returned if omitted. Limiting fields results can improve performance.","example":"description,id,name,public,snapshot_id,type,uri,tracks(limit,next,offset,previous,total,items(track(id,name,track_number,type,uri,album(id,images,name,total_tracks,type,uri,artists(id,name,type,uri)))))","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"additional_types":{"name":"Additional Types","description":"A comma-separated list of item types that your client supports besides the default track type. Valid types are 'track' and 'episode'.","example":"episode","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get a playlist owned by a Spotify user.","name":"Get Playlist","response":{"optional":false}},"get_playlist_cover_image":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the playlist (e.g. 5v5ETK9WFXAnGQ3MRubKuE).  If null, the currently playing playlist uri id value is used.","example":"5v5ETK9WFXAnGQ3MRubKuE","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get the current image associated with a specific playlist.","name":"Get Playlist Cover Image","response":{"optional":false}},"get_playlist_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get a list of the playlists owned or followed by the current Spotify user.","name":"Get Playlist Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"get_playlist_items":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the playlist (e.g. 5v5ETK9WFXAnGQ3MRubKuE).  If null, the currently playing playlist uri id value is used.","example":"5v5ETK9WFXAnGQ3MRubKuE","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"fields":{"name":"Fields","description":"Filters for the query; a comma-separated list of the fields to return. If omitted, all fields are returned. For example, specify 'items(track(name,uri))' to get just the playlist's track names and URIs.","example":"items(track(name,uri,album(name,uri)))","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"additional_types":{"name":"Additional Types","description":"A comma-separated list of item types that your client supports besides the default track type.  Valid types are 'track' and 'episode'.","example":"track","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get full details of the items of a playlist owned by a Spotify user.","name":"Get Playlist Items","response":{"optional":false}},"get_playlists_for_user":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"user_id":{"name":"User ID","description":"The user's Spotify user ID (e.g. `smedjan`).","example":"smedjan","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get a list of the playlists owned or followed by a Spotify user.","name":"Get Playlists For User","response":{"optional":false}},"get_show":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"show_id":{"name":"Show Id","description":"The Spotify ID for the show.  If omitted, the currently playing show uri id value is used.","example":"5CfCWKI5pZ28U0uOzXkDHe","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information for a single show identified by its unique Spotify ID.","name":"Get Show","response":{"optional":false}},"get_show_episodes":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"show_id":{"name":"Show Id","description":"The Spotify ID for the show.  If omitted, the currently playing show uri id value is used.","example":"6kAsbP8pxwaU2kPibKTuHE","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about a show's episodes.","name":"Get Show Episodes","response":{"optional":false}},"get_show_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"exclude_audiobooks":{"name":"Exclude Audiobooks?","description":"True (default) to exclude audiobook shows from the returned list, leaving only podcast shows; otherwise, False to include all results returned by the Spotify Web API.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get a list of the shows saved in the current Spotify user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Get Show Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"get_spotify_connect_device":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"device_value":{"name":"Device Value","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If an \"*\" is specified, then the SpotifyPlus default device is used.","example":"Bose-ST10-1","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"verify_user_context":{"name":"Verify User Context?","description":"DEPRECATED - no longer used, but left here to maintain compatibility.","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"verify_timeout":{"name":"Verify Timeout","description":"Maximum time to wait (in seconds) for the device to become active in the Spotify Connect device list.  This value is only used if a Connect command has to be issued to activate the device. Default is 5; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"refresh_device_list":{"name":"Refresh Device List?","description":"DEPRECATED - no longer used, but left here to maintain compatibility.","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"activate_device":{"name":"Activate Device?","description":"True to activate the device if necessary; otherwise, False.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing any command to the device.  This delay will give the spotify zeroconf api time to process the change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.25; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.25","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get information about a specific Spotify Connect player device, and (optionally) activate the device if it requires it.","name":"Get Spotify Connect Device","response":{"optional":false}},"get_spotify_connect_devices":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"refresh":{"name":"Refresh Cache?","description":"True (default) to return real-time information from the spotify zeroconf api and update the cache; otherwise, False to just return the cached value.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"DEPRECATED - no longer used, but left here to maintain compatibility.","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get information about all available Spotify Connect player (both static and dynamic) devices.","name":"Get Spotify Connect Devices","response":{"optional":false}},"get_track":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"track_id":{"name":"Track Id","description":"The Spotify ID for the track.  If omitted, the currently playing track uri id value is used.","example":"1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information for a single track identified by its unique Spotify ID.","name":"Get Track","response":{"optional":false}},"get_track_audio_features":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"track_id":{"name":"Track ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the track.  Example = `1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy`.  If null, the currently playing track uri id value is used.","example":"7ouMYWpwJ422jRcDASZB7P","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get audio feature information for a single track identified by its unique Spotify ID.","name":"Get Track Audio Features","response":{"optional":false}},"get_track_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"filter_artist":{"name":"Filter By Artist","description":"Filter returned entries by an artist name.  Value can be the full name of the artist (e.g. \"Jeremy Camp\"), or a partial name (e.g. \"Camp\").","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"filter_album":{"name":"Filter By Album","description":"Filter returned entries by an album name.  Value can be the full name of the album (e.g. \"Carried Me\"), or a partial name (e.g. \"Carried\").","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get a list of the tracks saved in the current Spotify user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Get Track Favorites","response":{"optional":false}},"get_track_recommendations":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items. Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"seed_artists":{"name":"Seed Artists","description":"A comma separated list of Spotify IDs for seed artists (e.g. 4NHQUGzhtTLFvgF5SZesLK).  Up to 5 seed values may be provided in any combination of seedArtists, seedTracks and seedGenres; only required if seedGenres and seedTracks are not set.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"seed_genres":{"name":"Seed Genres","description":"A comma separated list of any genres in the set of available genre seeds (e.g. rock,hard-rock,rock-n-roll).  Up to 5 seed values may be provided in any combination of seedArtists, seedTracks and seedGenres; only required if seedArtists and seedTracks are not set.","example":"rock,hard-rock,rock-n-roll","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"seed_tracks":{"name":"Seed Tracks","description":"A comma separated list of Spotify IDs for a seed track (e.g. 0c6xIDDpzE81m2q797ordA).  Up to 5 seed values may be provided in any combination of seedArtists, seedTracks and seedGenres; only required if seedArtists and seedGenres are not set.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"min_acousticness":{"name":"Minimum Acousticness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose acousticness level is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_acousticness":{"name":"Maximum Acousticness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose acousticness level is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_acousticness":{"name":"Target Acousticness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose acousticness level is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_danceability":{"name":"Minimum Danceability","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose danceability level is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_danceability":{"name":"Maximum Danceability","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose danceability level is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_danceability":{"name":"Target Danceability","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose acousticness is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_duration_ms":{"name":"Minimum Duration MS","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose duration is greater than the specified value in milliseconds.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_duration_ms":{"name":"Maximum Duration MS","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose duration is less than the specified value in milliseconds.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_duration_ms":{"name":"Target Duration MS","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose duration is equal to the specified value in milliseconds.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_energy":{"name":"Minimum Energy","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose energy level is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","example":0.975,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_energy":{"name":"Maximum Energy","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose energy level is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_energy":{"name":"Target Energy","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose energy level is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_instrumentalness":{"name":"Minimum Instrumentalness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose instrumentalness level is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_instrumentalness":{"name":"Maximum Instrumentalness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose instrumentalness level is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_instrumentalness":{"name":"Target Instrumentalness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose instrumentalness level is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_key":{"name":"Minimum Key","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose key level is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `11`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_key":{"name":"Maximum Key","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose key level is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `11`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_key":{"name":"Target Key","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose key level is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `11`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_liveness":{"name":"Minimum Liveness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose liveness level is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_liveness":{"name":"Maximum Liveness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose liveness level is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_liveness":{"name":"Target Liveness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose liveness level is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_loudness":{"name":"Minimum Loudness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose loudness level is greater than the specified value.","example":-9.201,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_loudness":{"name":"Maximum Loudness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose loudness level is less than the specified value.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_loudness":{"name":"Target Loudness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose loudness level is equal to the specified value.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_mode":{"name":"Minimum Mode","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose mode level is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_mode":{"name":"Maximum Mode","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose mode level is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_mode":{"name":"Target Mode","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose mode level is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_popularity":{"name":"Minimum Popularity","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose popularity level is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `100`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_popularity":{"name":"Maximum Popularity","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose popularity level is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `100`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_popularity":{"name":"Target Popularity","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose popularity level is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `100`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_speechiness":{"name":"Minimum Speechiness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose speechiness level is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_speechiness":{"name":"Maximum Speechiness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose speechiness level is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_speechiness":{"name":"Target Speechiness","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose speechiness level is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_tempo":{"name":"Minimum Tempo","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks with a tempo greater than the specified number of beats per minute.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_tempo":{"name":"Maximum Tempo","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks with a tempo less than the specified number of beats per minute.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_tempo":{"name":"Target Tempo","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks with a tempo equal to the specified number of beats per minute.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_time_signature":{"name":"Minimum Time Signature","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose time signature is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `11`.","example":4,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_time_signature":{"name":"Maximum Time Signature","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose time signature is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `11`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_time_signature":{"name":"Target Time Signature","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose time signature is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `11`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"min_valence":{"name":"Minimum Valence","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose valence level is greater than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"max_valence":{"name":"Maximum Valence","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose valence level is less than the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"target_valence":{"name":"Target Valence","description":"Restrict results to only those tracks whose valence level is equal to the specified value.  Range is `0` - `1`.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get track recommendations for specified criteria.","name":"Get Track Recommendations","response":{"optional":false}},"get_tracks_audio_features":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of the Spotify track IDs. Maximum of 100 IDs.  Example = `7ouMYWpwJ422jRcDASZB7P,4VqPOruhp5EdPBeR92t6lQ,2takcwOaAZWiXQijPHIx7B`.","example":"7ouMYWpwJ422jRcDASZB7P,4VqPOruhp5EdPBeR92t6lQ,2takcwOaAZWiXQijPHIx7B","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Get audio features for multiple tracks based on their Spotify IDs.","name":"Get Tracks Audio Features","response":{"optional":false}},"get_users_top_artists":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"time_range":{"name":"Time Range","description":"Over what time frame the affinities are computed. Valid values are `long_term` (calculated from several years of data and including all new data as it becomes available), `medium_term` (approximately last 6 months), and `short_term` (approximately last 4 weeks).","example":"long_term","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get the current user's top artists based on calculated affinity.","name":"Get Users Top Artists","response":{"optional":false}},"get_users_top_tracks":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"time_range":{"name":"Time Range","description":"Over what time frame the affinities are computed. Valid values are `long_term` (calculated from several years of data and including all new data as it becomes available), `medium_term` (approximately last 6 months), and `short_term` (approximately last 4 weeks).","example":"long_term","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 20, Range is 1 to 50.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":50,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"sort_result":{"name":"Sort Result?","description":"True to sort result items by name prior to returning to the caller; otherwise, False to return results in the order that the Spotify Web API returned them.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Get the current user's top tracks based on calculated affinity.","name":"Get Users Top Tracks","response":{"optional":false}},"player_media_pause":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the final Connect command (if necessary). This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the device list change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Pause media play for the specified Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Media Pause"},"player_media_play_context":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"context_uri":{"name":"Context Uri","description":"Spotify URI of the context to play (e.g. `spotify:album:6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE`).  Valid contexts are albums, artists & playlists.","example":"spotify:album:6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"offset_uri":{"name":"Offset Uri","description":"Indicates from what Uri in the context playback should start (e.g. `1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy`.  Only available when contextUri corresponds to an artist, album or playlist.  The offsetPosition argument will be used if this value is null.","example":"spotify:track:1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"offset_position":{"name":"Offset Position","description":"Indicates from what position in the context playback should start.  The value is zero-based, and can't be negative.  Only available when contextUri corresponds to an album or playlist.","example":3,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":11000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"position_ms":{"name":"Seek Position","description":"The position (in milliseconds) to seek to; must be a positive number.  Passing in a position that is greater than the length of the track will cause the player to start playing the next track.","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":999999999,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the final Connect command (if necessary). This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the device list change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"shuffle":{"name":"Shuffle?","description":"True to enable player shuffle mode; False to disable player shuffle mode; None to use current player shuffle mode. Default is None.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"play_show_latest_episode":{"name":"Play Show Latest Episode?","description":"True to play the most current episode of a podcast show, starting at the beginning; otherwise, False to resume playing of the podcast episode that was previously played. Default is False. This argument is only considered for 'show' contexts.","example":"False","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Start playing one or more tracks of the specified context on a Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Media Play Context"},"player_media_play_track_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"shuffle":{"name":"Shuffle?","description":"True to enable player shuffle mode; False to disable player shuffle mode; None to use current player shuffle mode. Default is None.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the command to the player.  This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"resolve_device_id":{"name":"Resolve Device Id?","description":"DEPRECATED - no longer used, but left here to maintain compatibility.","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to retrieve from favorites.  Default is 200.","example":200,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}},"filter_artist":{"name":"Filter By Artist","description":"Filter returned entries by an artist name.  Value can be the full name of the artist (e.g. \"Jeremy Camp\"), or a partial name (e.g. \"Camp\").","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"filter_album":{"name":"Filter By Album","description":"Filter returned entries by an album name.  Value can be the full name of the album (e.g. \"Carried Me\"), or a partial name (e.g. \"Carried\").","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Start playing track favorites on the specified Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Media Play Track Favorites"},"player_media_play_tracks":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"uris":{"name":"Uri's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify track URIs to play; can be track or episode URIs.  A maximum of 50 items can be specified.","example":"spotify:track:6zd8T1PBe9JFHmuVnurdRp,spotify:track:1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"position_ms":{"name":"Seek Position","description":"The position (in milliseconds) to seek to; must be a positive number.  Passing in a position that is greater than the length of the track will cause the player to start playing the next track.","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":999999999,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the final Connect command (if necessary). This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the device list change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"shuffle":{"name":"Shuffle?","description":"True to enable player shuffle mode; False to disable player shuffle mode; None to use current player shuffle mode. Default is None.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Start playing one or more tracks on the specified Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Media Play Tracks"},"player_media_resume":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the final Connect command (if necessary). This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the device list change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Resume media play for the specified Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Media Resume"},"player_media_seek":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"position_ms":{"name":"Absolute Seek Position","description":"The absolute position in milliseconds to seek to; must be a positive number or zero if the `relativePositionMS` argument is specified. Passing in a position that is greater than the length of the track will cause the player to start playing the next song. Example = `25000` to start playing at the 25 second mark.","example":25000,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":999999999,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the final Connect command (if necessary). This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the device list change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"relative_position_ms":{"name":"Relative Seek Position","description":"The relative position in milliseconds to seek to; can be a positive or negative number, or zero if the `positionMS` argument is specified. Example = `-10000` to seek behind by 10 seconds; `10000` to seek ahead by 10 seconds.","example":10000,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":-999999999,"max":999999999,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Seeks to the given absolute or relative position in the user's currently playing track for the specified Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Media Seek"},"player_media_skip_next":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the final Connect command (if necessary). This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the device list change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Skips to next track in the user's queue for the specified Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Media Skip Next"},"player_media_skip_previous":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the final Connect command (if necessary). This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the device list change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Skips to previous track in the user's queue for the specified Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Media Skip Previous"},"player_set_repeat_mode":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"state":{"name":"Repeat State","description":"The repeat mode state to set; `track` will repeat the current track; `context` will repeat the current context; `off` will turn repeat off.  Default is 'off'.","example":"off","required":true,"selector":{"select":{"mode":"dropdown","options":["off","track","context"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the command to the player.  This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Set repeat mode for the specified Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Set Repeat Mode"},"player_set_shuffle_mode":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"state":{"name":"Shuffle State?","description":"True to set player shuffle mode to on; otherwise, False for no shuffle.","example":"True","required":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the command to the player.  This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Set shuffle mode for the specified Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Set Shuffle Mode"},"player_set_volume_level":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"volume_level":{"name":"Volume Level","description":"The volume level to set, expressed as a percentage value (e.g. 25).  Must be a value from 0 (muted) to 100 (max volume) inclusive.","example":"25","required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device this command is targeting.  If not supplied, the user's currently active device is the target.  If no device is active (or an \"*\" is specified), then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the command to the player.  This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Set volume level for the specified Spotify Connect device.","name":"Player Set Volume Level"},"player_transfer_playback":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"device_id":{"name":"Device ID","description":"The id or name of the Spotify Connect Player device on which playback should be started/transferred.  If no device is specified, then the SpotifyPlus default device is activated.","example":"0d1841b0976bae2a3a310dd74c0f337465899bc8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"play":{"name":"Start Play?","description":"True (default) to start playback on the new device; otherise, False to keep the current playback state on the existing device.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing the final Connect command (if necessary). This delay will give the spotify web api time to process the device list change before another command is issued.  Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"refresh_device_list":{"name":"Refresh Device List?","description":"DEPRECATED - no longer used, but left here to maintain compatibility.","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"force_activate_device":{"name":"Force Activate Device?","description":"True to issue a Spotify Connect Disconnect call prior to transfer, which will force the device to reconnect to Spotify Connect; otherwise, False to not disconnect. Default is True.","example":"True","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"device_id_from":{"name":"Device ID From","description":"The player device identifier where play is being transferred from; only used to stop play on restricted devices prior to transferring playback.","example":"Office","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Transfer playback to a new Spotify Connect device and optionally begin playback.","name":"Player Transfer Playback"},"playlist_cover_image_add":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the playlist (e.g. 5v5ETK9WFXAnGQ3MRubKuE).","example":"5v5ETK9WFXAnGQ3MRubKuE","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"image_path":{"name":"Image Path","description":"The fully-qualified path of the image to be uploaded (e.g. `www/images/spotify_playlist_default_image.png`).  The image must be in PNG or JPEG format, and cannot exceed 256KB in Base64 encoded size.","example":"www/images/spotify_playlist_default_image.png","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Replace the image used to represent a specific playlist.","name":"Playlist Cover Image Add"},"playlist_change":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the playlist (e.g. `5AC9ZXA7nJ7oGWO911FuDG`).","example":"5AC9ZXA7nJ7oGWO911FuDG","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"name":{"name":"Name","description":"The updated name for the playlist (e.g. `My Updated Playlist`).  This name does not need to be unique; a user may have several playlists with the same name.","example":"My Updated Playlist","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"description":{"name":"Description","description":"The playlist description, as displayed in Spotify Clients and in the Web API.","example":"A Playlist updated by the SpotifyPlus integration","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"public":{"name":"Public?","description":"If true, the playlist will be public; if false, it will be private.","example":"False","required":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"collaborative":{"name":"Collaborative?","description":"If true, the playlist will be collaborative (other users can modify it).  To create a collaborative playlist you must also set the public argument to false.","example":"False","required":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"image_path":{"name":"Image Path","description":"The fully-qualified path of the image to be uploaded (e.g. `www/images/spotify_playlist_default_image.png`).  The image must be in PNG or JPEG format, and cannot exceed 256KB in Base64 encoded size.  Omit this parameter if you do not wish to update the existing playlist image.","example":"www/images/spotify_playlist_default_image.png","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Change a playlists details (name, description, and public / private state).","name":"Playlist Change"},"playlist_create":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"user_id":{"name":"User ID","description":"DEPRECATED - no longer used, but left here to maintain compatibility.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"name":{"name":"Name","description":"The name for the new playlist (e.g. `My New Playlist`).  This name does not need to be unique; a user may have several playlists with the same name.","example":"My New Playlist","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"description":{"name":"Description","description":"The playlist description, as displayed in Spotify Clients and in the Web API.","example":"A Playlist created by the SpotifyPlus integration","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"public":{"name":"Public?","description":"If true, the playlist will be public; if false, it will be private.","example":"False","required":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"collaborative":{"name":"Collaborative?","description":"If true, the playlist will be collaborative (other users can modify it).  To create a collaborative playlist you must also set the public argument to false.","example":"False","required":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"image_path":{"name":"Image Path","description":"The fully-qualified path of the image to be uploaded (e.g. `www/images/spotify_playlist_default_image.png`).  The image must be in PNG or JPEG format, and cannot exceed 256KB in Base64 encoded size.  Omit this parameter if you do not wish to add a playlist image.","example":"www/images/spotify_playlist_default_image.png","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Create an empty playlist for a Spotify user.  The playlist will remain empty until you add tracks.","name":"Playlist Create","response":{"optional":false}},"playlist_items_add":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the playlist (e.g. 5AC9ZXA7nJ7oGWO911FuDG).","example":"5AC9ZXA7nJ7oGWO911FuDG","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"uris":{"name":"URI's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify URIs to add; can be track or episode URIs (e.g. spotify:track:4iV5W9uYEdYUVa79Axb7Rh).  A maximum of 100 items can be specified in one request.  If nothing is specified, then the track (or episode) uri currently playing is used.","example":"spotify:track:4iV5W9uYEdYUVa79Axb7Rh,spotify:episode:512ojhOuo1ktJprKbVcKyQ","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"position":{"name":"Position","description":"The position to insert the items, a zero-based index.  For example, to insert the items in the first position use a value of 0; to insert the items in the third position use a value of 2.  Omit the parameter to append the items to the end of the playlist.","example":"0","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":9999,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Add one or more items to a user's playlist.  Items are added in the order they are listed in the `uris` argument.","name":"Playlist Items Add","response":{"optional":false}},"playlist_items_clear":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the playlist (e.g. 5AC9ZXA7nJ7oGWO911FuDG).","example":"5AC9ZXA7nJ7oGWO911FuDG","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Removes (clears) all items from a user's playlist.","name":"Playlist Items Clear","response":{"optional":false}},"playlist_items_remove":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the playlist (e.g. 5AC9ZXA7nJ7oGWO911FuDG).","example":"5AC9ZXA7nJ7oGWO911FuDG","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"uris":{"name":"URI's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify URIs to remove; can be track or episode URIs (e.g. spotify:track:4iV5W9uYEdYUVa79Axb7Rh).  A maximum of 100 items can be specified in one request.  If nothing is specified, then the track (or episode) uri currently playing is used.","example":"spotify:track:4iV5W9uYEdYUVa79Axb7Rh,spotify:episode:512ojhOuo1ktJprKbVcKyQ","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"snapshot_id":{"name":"Snapshot ID","description":"The playlist's snapshot ID against which you want to make the changes (e.g. `MzgsMWVkNDY3MTQ5YjVjYWE0MzAyNjkyZWMyOThjNjE3YWMwOTY0ZmJjYg==`).  The API will validate that the specified items exist and make the changes, even if more recent changes have been made to the playlist.  If omitted, the current playlist is updated.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Remove one or more items from a user's playlist.","name":"Playlist Items Remove","response":{"optional":false}},"playlist_items_reorder":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the playlist (e.g. 4yptcTKnXjCu3V92tVVafS).","example":"4yptcTKnXjCu3V92tVVafS","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"range_start":{"name":"Range Start","description":"The position of the first item to be reordered.  This is a one-offset integer (NOT zero-offset).","example":2,"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":99999,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"insert_before":{"name":"Insert Before","description":"The position where the items should be inserted.  To reorder the items to the end of the playlist, simply set `insertBefore` to the position after the last item.  This is a one-offset integer (NOT zero-offset).","example":1,"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":99999,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"range_length":{"name":"Range Length","description":"The amount of items to be reordered; defaults to 1 if not set.  The range of items to be reordered begins from the `rangeStart` position, and includes the `rangeLength` subsequent items.","example":1,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":99999,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"snapshot_id":{"name":"Snapshot ID","description":"The playlist's snapshot ID against which you want to make the changes (e.g. `MzgsMWVkNDY3MTQ5YjVjYWE0MzAyNjkyZWMyOThjNjE3YWMwOTY0ZmJjYg==`).  The API will validate that the specified items exist and make the changes, even if more recent changes have been made to the playlist.  If omitted, the current playlist is updated.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Reorder items in a user's playlist.","name":"Playlist Items Reorder","response":{"optional":false}},"playlist_items_replace":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID","description":"The Spotify ID of the playlist (e.g. `3cEYpjA9oz9GiPac4AsH4n`).","example":"3cEYpjA9oz9GiPac4AsH4n","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"uris":{"name":"URI's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify URIs to replace; can be track or episode URIs (e.g. `spotify:track:4iV5W9uYEdYUVa79Axb7Rh, spotify:episode:26c0zVyOv1lzfYpBXdh1zC`). A maximum of 100 items can be specified in one request.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Replace one or more items in a user's playlist. Replacing items in a playlist will overwrite its existing items. This service can also be used to clear a playlist.","name":"Playlist Items Replace","response":{"optional":false}},"remove_album_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify album id's (e.g. `6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE,382ObEPsp2rxGrnsizN5TX`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing track album uri id value is used.","example":"6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE,382ObEPsp2rxGrnsizN5TX","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Remove one or more albums from the current user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Remove Album Favorites"},"remove_audiobook_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify audiobook id's (e.g. `3PFyizE2tGCSRLusl2Qizf,7iHfbu1YPACw6oZPAFJtqe`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing audiobook uri id value is used.","example":"3PFyizE2tGCSRLusl2Qizf,7iHfbu1YPACw6oZPAFJtqe","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Remove one or more audiobooks from the current user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Remove Audiobook Favorites"},"remove_episode_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify episode id's (e.g. `3F97boSWlXi8OzuhWClZHQ,1hPX5WJY6ja6yopgVPBqm4`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing episode uri id value is used.","example":"3F97boSWlXi8OzuhWClZHQ,1hPX5WJY6ja6yopgVPBqm4","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Remove one or more episodes from the current user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Remove Episode Favorites"},"remove_show_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify show id's (e.g. `6kAsbP8pxwaU2kPibKTuHE,4rOoJ6Egrf8K2IrywzwOMk`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing show uri id value is used.","example":"6kAsbP8pxwaU2kPibKTuHE,4rOoJ6Egrf8K2IrywzwOMk","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Remove one or more shows from the current user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Remove Show Favorites"},"remove_track_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify track id's (e.g. `1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy,4eoYKv2kDwJS7gRGh5q6SK`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing context uri id value is used.","example":"1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy,4eoYKv2kDwJS7gRGh5q6SK","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Remove one or more tracks from the current user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Remove Track Favorites"},"remove_user_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"uris":{"name":"URI's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify item uri's (e.g. `spotify:artist:6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q,spotify:track:1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy`).  A maximum of 40 uri's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing item uri value is used.","example":"spotify:artist:6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q,spotify:album:6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE,spotify:track:1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Remove one or more items from the current user's 'Your Library'. Accepts Spotify URIs for tracks, albums, artists, episodes, shows, audiobooks, users, and playlists.","name":"Remove User Favorites"},"save_album_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify album id's (e.g. `6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE,382ObEPsp2rxGrnsizN5TX`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing track album uri id value is used.","example":"6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE,382ObEPsp2rxGrnsizN5TX","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Save one or more albums to the current user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Save Album Favorites"},"save_audiobook_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify audiobook id's (e.g. `3PFyizE2tGCSRLusl2Qizf,7iHfbu1YPACw6oZPAFJtqe`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing audiobook uri id value is used.","example":"3PFyizE2tGCSRLusl2Qizf,7iHfbu1YPACw6oZPAFJtqe","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Save one or more audiobooks to the current user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Save Audiobook Favorites"},"save_episode_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify episode id's (e.g. `3F97boSWlXi8OzuhWClZHQ,1hPX5WJY6ja6yopgVPBqm4`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing episode uri id value is used.","example":"3F97boSWlXi8OzuhWClZHQ,1hPX5WJY6ja6yopgVPBqm4","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Save one or more episodes to the current user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Save Episode Favorites"},"save_show_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify show id's (e.g. `6kAsbP8pxwaU2kPibKTuHE,4rOoJ6Egrf8K2IrywzwOMk`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing show uri id value is used.","example":"6kAsbP8pxwaU2kPibKTuHE,4rOoJ6Egrf8K2IrywzwOMk","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Save one or more shows to the current user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Save Show Favorites"},"save_track_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify track id's (e.g. `1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy,4eoYKv2kDwJS7gRGh5q6SK`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing context uri id value is used.","example":"1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy,4eoYKv2kDwJS7gRGh5q6SK","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Save one or more tracks to the current user's 'Your Library'.","name":"Save Track Favorites"},"save_user_favorites":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"uris":{"name":"URI's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify item uri's (e.g. `spotify:artist:6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q,spotify:track:1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy`).  A maximum of 40 uri's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing item uri value is used.","example":"spotify:artist:6APm8EjxOHSYM5B4i3vT3q,spotify:album:6vc9OTcyd3hyzabCmsdnwE,spotify:track:1kWUud3vY5ij5r62zxpTRy","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Save one or more items to the current user's 'Your Library'. Accepts Spotify URIs for tracks, albums, artists, episodes, shows, audiobooks, users, and playlists.","name":"Save User Favorites"},"search_all":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"criteria":{"name":"Search Criteria","description":"The criteria to search for.","example":"Welcome to the New","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"criteria_type":{"name":"Search Criteria Type","description":"A comma-separated list of item types to search across.  Search results include hits from all the specified item types.  For example, \"album,track\" returns both albums and tracks matching criteria argument.  Allowed values are \"album\", \"artist\", \"playlist\", \"track\", \"show\", \"episode\", \"audiobook\".  Default is \"track\".","example":"album,artist,track,playlist","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"include_external":{"name":"Include External","description":"If 'audio' is specified it signals that the client can play externally hosted audio content, and marks the content as playable in the response. By default externally hosted audio content is marked as unplayable in the response.  Allowed values are 'audio'.","example":"audio","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request, per criteria type. Paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the maximum number specified per type. Default is 20.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about albums, artists, playlists, tracks, shows, episodes or audiobooks that match a keyword string. Audiobooks are only available within the US, UK, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand and Australia markets.","name":"Search All","response":{"optional":false}},"search_albums":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"criteria":{"name":"Search Criteria","description":"The criteria to search for.","example":"Welcome to the New","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 5, Range is 1 to 10.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":10,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"include_external":{"name":"Include External","description":"If 'audio' is specified it signals that the client can play externally hosted audio content, and marks the content as playable in the response. By default externally hosted audio content is marked as unplayable in the response.  Allowed values are 'audio'.","example":"audio","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about Albums that match a keyword string.","name":"Search Albums","response":{"optional":false}},"search_artists":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"criteria":{"name":"Search Criteria","description":"The criteria to search for.","example":"MercyMe","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 5, Range is 1 to 10.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":10,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"include_external":{"name":"Include External","description":"If 'audio' is specified it signals that the client can play externally hosted audio content, and marks the content as playable in the response. By default externally hosted audio content is marked as unplayable in the response.  Allowed values are 'audio'.","example":"audio","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about Artists that match a keyword string.","name":"Search Artists","response":{"optional":false}},"search_audiobooks":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"criteria":{"name":"Search Criteria","description":"The criteria to search for.","example":"The Elfstones of Shannara","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 5, Range is 1 to 10.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":10,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"include_external":{"name":"Include External","description":"If 'audio' is specified it signals that the client can play externally hosted audio content, and marks the content as playable in the response. By default externally hosted audio content is marked as unplayable in the response.  Allowed values are 'audio'.","example":"audio","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about Audiobooks that match a keyword string.","name":"Search Audiobooks","response":{"optional":false}},"search_episodes":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"criteria":{"name":"Search Criteria","description":"The criteria to search for.","example":"Armchair Anonymous","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 5, Range is 1 to 10.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":10,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"include_external":{"name":"Include External","description":"If 'audio' is specified it signals that the client can play externally hosted audio content, and marks the content as playable in the response. By default externally hosted audio content is marked as unplayable in the response.  Allowed values are 'audio'.","example":"audio","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about Episodes that match a keyword string.","name":"Search Episodes","response":{"optional":false}},"search_playlists":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"criteria":{"name":"Search Criteria","description":"The criteria to search for.","example":"Daily Mix","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 5, Range is 1 to 10.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":10,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"include_external":{"name":"Include External","description":"If 'audio' is specified it signals that the client can play externally hosted audio content, and marks the content as playable in the response. By default externally hosted audio content is marked as unplayable in the response.  Allowed values are 'audio'.","example":"audio","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about Playlists that match a keyword string.","name":"Search Playlists","response":{"optional":false}},"search_shows":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"criteria":{"name":"Search Criteria","description":"The criteria to search for.","example":"Dax Shepard","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 5, Range is 1 to 10.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":10,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"include_external":{"name":"Include External","description":"If 'audio' is specified it signals that the client can play externally hosted audio content, and marks the content as playable in the response. By default externally hosted audio content is marked as unplayable in the response.  Allowed values are 'audio'.","example":"audio","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about Show (aka Podcasts) that match a keyword string.","name":"Search Shows (aka Podcasts)","response":{"optional":false}},"search_tracks":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"criteria":{"name":"Search Criteria","description":"The criteria to search for.","example":"Dear Younger Me","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"The maximum number of items to return in a page of items when manual paging is used.  Default is 5, Range is 1 to 10.  See the limit_total argument for automatic paging option.","example":10,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"The page index offset of the first item to return.  Use with limit to get the next set of items.  Default is 0 (the first item).","example":0,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10000,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"market":{"name":"Market / Country Code","description":"An ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code. If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.  The country associated with the Spotify user account will take priority over this parameter.","example":"ES","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"include_external":{"name":"Include External","description":"If 'audio' is specified it signals that the client can play externally hosted audio content, and marks the content as playable in the response. By default externally hosted audio content is marked as unplayable in the response.  Allowed values are 'audio'.","example":"audio","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit_total":{"name":"Limit Total","description":"The maximum number of items to return for the request.  If specified, this argument overrides the limit and offset argument values and paging is automatically used to retrieve all available items up to the specified limit total.","example":20,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Get Spotify catalog information about Tracks that match a keyword string.","name":"Search Tracks","response":{"optional":false}},"trigger_scan_interval":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}}},"description":"Triggers a scan interval sequence, which will update HA State values from content currently being played on the user's Spotify account.","name":"Trigger Scan Interval"},"unfollow_artists":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify artist id's (e.g. `2CIMQHirSU0MQqyYHq0eOx,1IQ2e1buppatiN1bxUVkrk`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing track artist uri id value is used.","example":"2CIMQHirSU0MQqyYHq0eOx,1IQ2e1buppatiN1bxUVkrk","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Remove the current user as a follower of one or more artists.","name":"Unfollow Artists"},"unfollow_playlist":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"playlist_id":{"name":"Playlist ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify playlist id's (e.g. `3cEYpjA9oz9GiPac4AsH4n`).  A maximum of 40 id's may be specified.  If omitted, the currently playing playlist uri id value is used.","example":"3cEYpjA9oz9GiPac4AsH4n","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Remove the current user as a follower of a playlist.","name":"Unfollow Playlist"},"unfollow_users":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"ids":{"name":"ID's","description":"A comma-separated list of Spotify user IDs (e.g. `smedjan,3758dfdsfjk435hjk6k79lm0n3c4`).  A maximum of 40 IDs can be sent in one request.","example":"smedjan,3758dfdsfjk435hjk6k79lm0n3c4","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Remove the current user as a follower of one or more users.","name":"Unfollow Users"},"zeroconf_device_connect":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus device that will make the request to the ZeroConf service.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"host_ipv4_address":{"name":"Device IPV4 Address","description":"IPV4 address at which the Spotify Connect Zeroconf API can be reached on the Spotify Connect device (e.g. '192.168.1.81').","example":"192.168.1.81","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"host_ip_port":{"name":"Device IP Port","description":"Port number at which the Spotify Connect Zeroconf API can be reached on the Spotify Connect device (e.g. 8200).","example":8200,"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"cpath":{"name":"CPath Identifier","description":"Spotify Connect Zeroconf API CPath property value (e.g. '/zc').","example":"/zc","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"version":{"name":"Version Indicator","description":"Spotify Connect Zeroconf API version number that the device supports (e.g. '1.0').","example":"1.0","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"use_ssl":{"name":"Use SSL?","description":"True if the host device utilizes HTTPS Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) support; otherwise, False to utilize HTTP.  Default is False (HTTP).","example":"False","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"username":{"name":"Spotify User Name","description":"Spotify user name to login with (e.g. 'yourusername@mail.com').  This MUST match the account name (or one of them) that was used to configure Spotify Connect on the manufacturer device. If not specified, the integration options Spotify Connect username value will be used.","example":"yourusername@mail.com","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"password":{"name":"Spotify User Password","description":"Spotify Connect user password to login with. If not specified, the integration options Spotify Connect password value will be used.","example":"yourpassword","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"loginid":{"name":"Spotify Login ID","description":"Spotify Connect login id to login with (e.g. \"31l77fd87g8h9j00k89f07jf87ge\").  This is also known as the canonical user id value.  This MUST be the value that relates to the `username` argument. If not specified, the integration options Spotify Connect loginId value will be used.","example":"31l77y75hfnhk79f7gk6jkk878mg","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"pre_disconnect":{"name":"Pre Disconnect?","description":"True if a Disconnect should be made prior to the Connect call.  This will ensure that the active user is logged out, which must be done if switching user accounts; otherwise, False to not issue a Disconnect call.  Default is False.","example":"False","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"verify_device_list_entry":{"name":"Verify Device List Entry?","description":"True to ensure that the device id is present in the Spotify Connect device list before issuing a call to Connect; Connect will not be called if the device id is already in the list; otherwise, False to always call Connect to add the device.  Default is False.","example":"False","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing a command to the device. This delay will give the spotify zeroconf api time to process the change before another command is issued. Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Calls the `addUser` Spotify Zeroconf API endpoint to issue a call to SpConnectionLoginBlob.  If successful, the associated device id is added to the Spotify Connect active device list for the specified user account.  This will also issue a `resetUsers` call prior to the `addUser` call.","name":"ZeroConf Device Connect","response":{"optional":false}},"zeroconf_device_disconnect":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus device that will make the request to the ZeroConf service.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"host_ipv4_address":{"name":"Device IPV4 Address","description":"IPV4 address at which the Spotify Connect Zeroconf API can be reached on the Spotify Connect device (e.g. '192.168.1.81').","example":"192.168.1.81","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"host_ip_port":{"name":"Device IP Port","description":"Port number at which the Spotify Connect Zeroconf API can be reached on the Spotify Connect device (e.g. 8200).","example":8200,"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"cpath":{"name":"CPath Identifier","description":"Spotify Connect Zeroconf API CPath property value (e.g. '/zc').","example":"/zc","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"version":{"name":"Version Indicator","description":"Spotify Connect Zeroconf API version number that the device supports (e.g. '1.0').","example":"1.0","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"use_ssl":{"name":"Use SSL?","description":"Spotify Connect Zeroconf API version number that the device supports (e.g. False).","example":"False","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"delay":{"name":"Delay","description":"Time delay (in seconds) to wait AFTER issuing a command to the device. This delay will give the spotify zeroconf api time to process the change before another command is issued. Default is 0.50; value range is 0 - 10.","example":"0.50","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Calls the `resetUsers` Spotify Zeroconf API endpoint to issue a call to SpConnectionLogout. The currently logged in user (if any) will be logged out of Spotify Connect, and the device id removed from the active Spotify Connect device list.","name":"ZeroConf Device Disconnect","response":{"optional":false}},"zeroconf_device_getinfo":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus device that will make the request to the ZeroConf service.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"host_ipv4_address":{"name":"Device IPV4 Address","description":"IPV4 address at which the Spotify Connect Zeroconf API can be reached on the Spotify Connect device (e.g. '192.168.1.81').","example":"192.168.1.81","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"host_ip_port":{"name":"Device IP Port","description":"Port number at which the Spotify Connect Zeroconf API can be reached on the Spotify Connect device (e.g. 8200).","example":8200,"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"cpath":{"name":"CPath Identifier","description":"Spotify Connect Zeroconf API CPath property value (e.g. '/zc').","example":"/zc","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"version":{"name":"Version Indicator","description":"Spotify Connect Zeroconf API version number that the device supports (e.g. '1.0').","example":"1.0","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"use_ssl":{"name":"Use SSL?","description":"Spotify Connect Zeroconf API version number that the device supports (e.g. False).","example":"False","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Calls the `getInfo` Spotify Zeroconf API endpoint to return information about the device.","name":"ZeroConf Device GetInformation","response":{"optional":false}},"zeroconf_discover_devices":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus device that will make the request to the ZeroConf service.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"timeout":{"name":"Timeout","description":"Maximum amount of time to wait (in seconds) for the discovery to complete.  Default is 5, range is 1 thru 10.","example":5,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":10,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Discover Spotify Connect devices on the local network via the ZeroConf (aka MDNS) service, and return details about each device.","name":"ZeroConf Discover Devices","response":{"optional":false}},"volume_set_step":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"level":{"name":"Level","description":"Level percentage to adjust the volume by, expressed as a floating point number from 0.01 - 1.0.  Default is 0.10 (e.g. 10 percent), range is 0.01 to 1.00.","required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0.01,"max":1,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"level_percent":{"name":"Level Percentage","description":"Level percentage to adjust the volume by. Default is 10, range is 1 to 100 (e.g. percent). level argument is ignored if this argument is specified.","example":5,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":100,"mode":"box","step":1}}}},"description":"Set level used for volume step services.","name":"Volume Set Step Level"},"list_application_credential_mappings":{"fields":{"filter_domain":{"name":"Domain Name Filter","description":"Limit entries displayed to the specified domain name (e.g. 'spotifyplus', 'spotify', etc).","example":"spotifyplus","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"filter_credentials_only":{"name":"Application Credentials Filter?","description":"True (default) to limit entries displayed to those that have Application Credentials defined; otherwise, False to include all entries.","example":"true","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"list_domain_entities":{"name":"List Domain Entities?","description":"True to list entities that are children of the domain; otherwise, False (default) to exclude domain entity details.","example":"false","required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"List Home Assistant application credential mappings to determine which configuration entitys use which credential.","name":"List Application Credential Mappings","response":{"optional":false}},"test_token_expire":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"Entity ID of the SpotifyPlus service account that will make the request to the Spotify Web API.","example":"media_player.spotifyplus_username","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"integration":"spotifyplus","domain":["media_player"],"reorder":false,"multiple":false}}}},"description":"Forces Spotify Authorization token to expire within 10 seconds; used to test token refresh processing.","name":"Test Token Expire"}}},{"domain":"todo","services":{"add_item":{"fields":{"item":{"required":true,"example":"Submit income tax return","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"due_date":{"filter":{"supported_features":[16]},"example":"2023-11-17","selector":{"date":{}}},"due_datetime":{"filter":{"supported_features":[32]},"example":"2023-11-17 13:30:00","selector":{"datetime":{}}},"description":{"filter":{"supported_features":[64]},"example":"A more complete description of the to-do item than that provided by the summary.","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["todo"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"update_item":{"fields":{"item":{"required":true,"example":"Submit income tax return","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"rename":{"example":"Something else","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"status":{"example":"needs_action","selector":{"select":{"translation_key":"status","options":["needs_action","completed"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"due_date":{"filter":{"supported_features":[16]},"example":"2023-11-17","selector":{"date":{}}},"due_datetime":{"filter":{"supported_features":[32]},"example":"2023-11-17 13:30:00","selector":{"datetime":{}}},"description":{"filter":{"supported_features":[64]},"example":"A more complete description of the to-do item than that provided by the summary.","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["todo"],"supported_features":[4]}]}},"remove_item":{"fields":{"item":{"required":true,"example":"Submit income tax return","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["todo"],"supported_features":[2]}]}},"get_items":{"fields":{"status":{"example":"needs_action","default":"needs_action","selector":{"select":{"translation_key":"status","options":["needs_action","completed"],"multiple":true,"custom_value":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["todo"]}]},"response":{"optional":false}},"remove_completed_items":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["todo"],"supported_features":[2]}]}}}},{"domain":"environment_canada","services":{"set_radar_type":{"fields":{"radar_type":{"required":true,"example":"Snow","selector":{"select":{"options":["Auto","Rain","Snow"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"environment_canada","domain":["camera"]}]}},"get_forecasts":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"environment_canada","domain":["weather"]}]},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"openweathermap","services":{"get_minute_forecast":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["weather"],"integration":"openweathermap"}]},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"calendar","services":{"create_event":{"fields":{"summary":{"required":true,"example":"Department Party","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"description":{"example":"Meeting to provide technical review for 'Phoenix' design.","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"start_date_time":{"example":"2022-03-22 20:00:00","selector":{"datetime":{}}},"end_date_time":{"example":"2022-03-22 22:00:00","selector":{"datetime":{}}},"start_date":{"example":"2022-03-22","selector":{"date":{}}},"end_date":{"example":"2022-03-23","selector":{"date":{}}},"in":{"example":"{\"days\": 2} or {\"weeks\": 2}"},"location":{"example":"Conference Room - F123, Bldg. 002","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["calendar"],"supported_features":[1]}]}},"get_events":{"fields":{"start_date_time":{"example":"2022-03-22 20:00:00","selector":{"datetime":{}}},"end_date_time":{"example":"2022-03-22 22:00:00","selector":{"datetime":{}}},"duration":{"selector":{"duration":{"enable_second":true}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["calendar"]}]},"response":{"optional":false}}}},{"domain":"smartcocoon","services":{"force_recovery":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Fan entity","description":"Optional. Limit the recovery attempt to a single SmartCocoon fan.","required":false,"selector":{"entity":{"domain":["fan"],"integration":"smartcocoon","reorder":false,"multiple":false}}}},"description":"Force an immediate connection check and recovery attempt.","name":"Force recovery"},"get_device_status":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Fan entity","description":"Optional. Get status for a single SmartCocoon fan.","required":false,"selector":{"entity":{"domain":["fan"],"integration":"smartcocoon","reorder":false,"multiple":false}}}},"description":"Log current connection/recovery status for SmartCocoon fans.","name":"Get device status"}}},{"domain":"flux_led","services":{"set_custom_effect":{"fields":{"colors":{"example":"- [255,0,0]\n- [0,255,0]\n- [0,0,255]\n","required":true,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"speed_pct":{"example":80,"default":50,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"step":1,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","mode":"slider"}}},"transition":{"example":"jump","default":"gradual","required":false,"selector":{"select":{"options":["gradual","jump","strobe"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"flux_led","domain":["light"]}]}},"set_zones":{"fields":{"colors":{"example":"- [255,0,0]\n- [0,255,0]\n- [0,0,255]\n- [255,255,255]\n","required":true,"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"speed_pct":{"example":80,"default":50,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"step":1,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","mode":"slider"}}},"effect":{"example":"running_water","default":"static","required":false,"selector":{"select":{"options":["static","running_water","strobe","jump","breathing"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"flux_led","domain":["light"]}]}},"set_music_mode":{"fields":{"sensitivity":{"example":80,"default":100,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"step":1,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","mode":"slider"}}},"brightness":{"example":80,"default":100,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"step":1,"max":100,"unit_of_measurement":"%","mode":"slider"}}},"light_screen":{"default":false,"required":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"effect":{"example":1,"default":1,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"step":1,"max":16,"mode":"slider"}}},"foreground_color":{"example":"[255, 100, 100]","required":false,"selector":{"color_rgb":{}}},"background_color":{"example":"[255, 100, 100]","required":false,"selector":{"color_rgb":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"flux_led","domain":["light"]}]}}}},{"domain":"nodered","services":{"trigger":{"fields":{"output_path":{"default":"0","example":"1,2","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"message":{"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"nodered","domain":["switch"]}]}}}},{"domain":"script","services":{"turn_laundry_dryer_lights_pink":{"name":"Turn Dryer Lights Red","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"turn_laundry_dryer_lights_white":{"name":"Turn Dryer Lights White","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"medication_reminder":{"name":"Supplements Daily Reminder Script (Bryn)","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"medication_reminder_script_yasu":{"name":"Medication Reminder Script (Yasu)","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"feed_fish_reminder_king":{"name":"Feed Fish Reminder - King","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"feed_fish_reminder_hallway":{"name":"Feed Fish Reminder - Hallway","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_balcony_blind":{"name":"Stop Balcony Blind","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_queen_closet_right_blind":{"name":"Stop Queen Closet Right Blind","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_queen_closet_left_blind":{"name":"Stop Queen Window Blind","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_king_right_blind":{"name":"Stop King Right Blind","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_king_left_blind":{"name":"Stop King Left Blind","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_queen_window":{"name":"stop queen window","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_lr_blind":{"name":"Stop LR Blind","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"1683092579592":{"name":"Stop King Blinds","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"disable_living_room_motion_sensor":{"name":"Disable Living Room Motion Sensor","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"disable_kitchen_motion_sensor":{"name":"Toggle Kitchen Motion Sensor","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_music":{"name":"Stop Music","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"volume_up":{"name":"Volume Up - Echo Kitchen Island","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"volume_down":{"name":"Volume Down","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_music_2":{"name":"Stop Music","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"play_music":{"name":"Play Music","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"music_script":{"name":"Jazz Music Script","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"dogs_timer":{"name":"Dogs Timer Script","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"1687517035299":{"name":"Dogs Start Script","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"dogs_reset_script":{"name":"Dogs Timer Start","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"decibel":{"name":"Decibal","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"decibel_stop":{"name":"Decibel Stop","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"alarm_bryn":{"name":"Alarm - Bryn","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"alarm_bryn_off":{"name":"Alarm Bryn - OFF","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"1697922085005":{"name":"chore manual reset","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"volume_down_everywhere":{"name":"Volume Down Everywhere","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"volume_up_everywhere":{"name":"Volume Up Everywhere","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"goodnight_button":{"name":"Goodnight Button","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"motion_goodnight":{"name":"Motion Main Off","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"motion_main_on":{"name":"Motion Main On","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"queen_ladder_red_on":{"name":"Queen Ladder Red On","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"queen_ladder_white":{"name":"Queen Ladder White","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"king_red_beacon":{"name":"King Red Beacon","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"pug_air_freshener_toggle":{"name":"Pug Air Freshener Toggle","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"blind_lr_balcony_open":{"name":"Blind - LR Balcony Open","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"blind_lr_balcony_close":{"name":"Blind - LR Balcony Close","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"cat_washroom_goodbye":{"name":"Cat Washroom Goodbye","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"play_blank_music":{"name":"Play Blank Music","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"volume_change_30_percent_kitchen_cupboards_l":{"name":"Volume Change 35 Percent - Cat Washroom","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"blind_lr_close":{"name":"Blind - LR Close","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"blind_lr_open":{"name":"Blind - LR Open","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"spa_music_x4_repeat":{"name":"Spa Music x4 repeat","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"light_cat_led_on":{"name":"Light - Cat LED on","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"motion_main_toggle":{"name":"Motion - Main Toggle","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"weather_change":{"name":"Weather Change","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"motion_turn_off_turning_off":{"name":"Motion - Toggle Turning Off","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"curtain_king_both_close":{"name":"Curtain - King Both Close","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"curtain_king_both_open":{"name":"Curtain - King Both Open","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"tv_and_movie_script":{"name":"TV and Movie Script","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"vacuum_clean_cat_litter":{"name":"Vacuum Clean Cat Litter","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"cat_music_off":{"name":"Cat Music Off","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"ask_mymedia_to_play_my_new_playlist":{"name":"Ask MyMedia To Play My New Playlist","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"ask_alexa_to_stop_playing_my_playlist":{"name":"ask Alexa to stop Playing My Playlist","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"doorbell_turnon":{"name":"Doorbell Turnon","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"doorbell_turnoff":{"name":"Doorbell Turnoff","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"cat_ceiling_fan_on":{"name":"Cat Ceiling Fan Toggle","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"clean_cat_litter":{"name":"Clean Cat Litter","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"chum_fm":{"name":"CHUMFM","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"calm_my_cat":{"name":"Calm My Cat","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"turn_on_spotify":{"name":"Turn on Spotify","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"turn_off_spotify":{"name":"Turn off Spotify","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"chfi":{"name":"CHFI","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"virgin":{"name":"Virgin","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"spotifyplus_everywhere_turn_on":{"name":"SpotifyPlus Everywhere - Turn On","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"fish_timer_start":{"name":"Fish Timer Start","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"kitchen_lights_script_2":{"name":"Kitchen Lights Script","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"nothing_toggle":{"name":"Nothing Toggle","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"medication_reminder_script_bryn":{"name":"Medication Reminder Script (Bryn)","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"incoming_call":{"name":"Incoming Call","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"tv_open":{"name":"TV Open","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"tv_close_2":{"name":"TV Close","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"turn_off_no_motion_automations":{"name":"Turn Off No Motion Automations","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"turn_on_no_motion_automations":{"name":"Turn On No Motion Automations","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"motion_no_motion_toggle":{"name":"Motion No Motion Toggle","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"king_windows_open":{"name":"King Windows Open","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"king_windows_close":{"name":"King Windows Close","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"cat_med_light_on_off":{"name":"Cat Med Light On Off","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_light_red_1_press":{"name":"Stop Light Red 1 Press","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_light_yellow1_press":{"name":"Stop Light Yellow1 Press","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"stop_light_green_1_press":{"name":"Stop Light Green 1 Press","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"light_bar_kitchen_cupboards_white":{"name":"Light Bar Kitchen Cupboards white","description":"","fields":{},"response":{"optional":true}},"reload":{"fields":{}},"turn_on":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["script"]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["script"]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["script"]}]}}}},{"domain":"spotcast","services":{"start":{"fields":{"device_name":{"name":"Device Name","description":"The friendly name of the chromecast or spotify connect device. First checks spotify device list for name (not used together with entity_id and spotify_device_id).","example":"Livingroom","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"spotify_device_id":{"name":"Spotify Device ID","description":"Advanced users only. The spotify device id (not used together with entity_id or device_name).","example":"4363634563457346xcyvydgf3qwa","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"entity_id":{"name":"Entity ID","description":"The entity_id of the chromecast mediaplayer. Friendly name MUST match the spotify connect device name (not used together with device_name and spotify_device_id).","example":"media_player.vardagsrum","required":false,"selector":{"entity":{"domain":["media_player"],"integration":"cast","reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"uri":{"name":"URI","description":"Supported Spotify URI as string. None or empty uri will transfer the current/last playback (see parameter force_playback).","example":"spotify:playlist:37i9dQZF1DX3yvAYDslnv8","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"category":{"name":"Category","description":"A category to fetch playlist from. See https://developer.spotify.com/console/get-browse-categories/ for a list of categories","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"country":{"name":"Country","description":"Country code to use with category. See https://spotipy.readthedocs.io/en/2.19.0/#spotipy.client.Spotify.country_codes for list of available codes","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"limit":{"name":"Limit","description":"Limit of playlist to fetch in a given category. Default 20","required":false,"default":20,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1,"min":0,"max":50}}},"album_name":{"name":"Album Name","example":"The Dark Side of the Moon","description":"Filters search results for the provided album name. Don't include this if you don't want an album.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"track_name":{"name":"Track Name","example":"Money","description":"Filters search results for the provided track name. Don't include this if you don't want a particular track.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"playlist_name":{"name":"Playlist Name","example":"Ultimate pink floyd playlist","description":"Filters search results for the provided playlist name. Don't include this if you don't want a playlist.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"show_name":{"name":"Show Name","example":"Hollywood Handbook","description":"Filters search results for the provided podcast show name. Don't include this if you don't want a podcast.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"episode_name":{"name":"Episode Name","example":"Sarah Sherman, Our Close Friend","description":"Filters search results for the provided podcast episode name. Don't include this if you don't want a podcast.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"genre_name":{"name":"Genre Name","example":"post punk","description":"Filters search results by genre of music","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"audiobook_name":{"name":"Audiobook Name","example":"Ulysses","description":"Filters search results for the provided audiobook name. Don't include this if you don't want an audiobook.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"artist_name":{"name":"Artist Name","example":"pink floyd","description":"This will filter search results to match the provided artist name. Don't include this if searching for a playlist or genre. Do include the author's name if searching for audiobooks.","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"account":{"name":"Account","description":"Optionally starts Spotify using an alternative account specified in config.","example":"my_wifes","required":false,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"force_playback":{"name":"Force Playback","description":"In case of transfering playback: If true starts playing the user's last playback even if nothing is currently playing.","example":true,"required":false,"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"random_song":{"name":"Random Song","description":"Starts the playback at a random position in the playlist or album.","example":true,"required":false,"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"repeat":{"name":"Repeat","description":"Set repeat mode for playback.","example":"track","required":false,"default":"off","selector":{"select":{"options":["track","context","off"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"shuffle":{"name":"Shuffle","description":"Set shuffle mode for playback.","example":true,"required":false,"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}},"offset":{"name":"Offset","description":"Set offset mode for playback. 0 is the first song.","example":1,"required":false,"default":0,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1,"min":0,"max":999999}}},"start_position":{"name":"Position","description":"Start position of the track in seconds","example":1,"required":false,"default":0,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"box","step":1,"min":0,"max":999999}}},"start_volume":{"name":"Start Volume","description":"Set the volume for playback in percentage.","example":50,"required":false,"selector":{"number":{"mode":"slider","step":1,"min":0,"max":100}}},"ignore_fully_played":{"name":"Ignore Fully Played","description":"Set to ignore or not already played episodes in a podcast playlist","example":true,"required":false,"default":false,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"description":"Starts spotify playback on chromecast devices","name":"Start Spotcast"}}},{"domain":"google","services":{"create_event":{"fields":{"summary":{"required":true,"example":"Bowling","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"description":{"example":"Birthday bowling","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"start_date_time":{"example":"2022-03-22 20:00:00","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"end_date_time":{"example":"2022-03-22 22:00:00","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"start_date":{"example":"2022-03-10","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"end_date":{"example":"2022-03-11","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"in":{"example":"\"days\": 2 or \"weeks\": 2","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"location":{"example":"Conference Room - F123, Bldg. 002","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"integration":"google","domain":["calendar"]}]}}}},{"domain":"icloud3","services":{"action":{"fields":{"command":{"name":"Command","description":"(Required) The action to be performed","required":true,"example":"pause","selector":{"select":{"options":["Restart iCloud3","Pause Tracking","Resume Tracking","Locate Device(s) using iCloud","Send Locate Request to Mobile App"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"device_name":{"name":"Device Name","description":"(Optional) Apply all devices or only apply to the selected device","example":"Gary (gary_iphone)","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"icloud3"}],"multiple":false}}}},"description":"This service will send operational commands to iCloud3","name":"Action"},"update":{"fields":{},"description":"The Update service has been replaced by the Action service","name":"Update"},"restart":{"fields":{},"description":"This service will restart iCloud3","name":"Restart"},"find_iphone_alert":{"fields":{"device_name":{"name":"Device Name","description":"Device the alert should be sent to","required":true,"example":"Gary (gary_iphone)","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"icloud3"}],"multiple":false}}}},"description":"This service will send an alert tone to the device that you want to find","name":"Find iPhone Alert Tone"},"lost_device_alert":{"fields":{"device_name":{"name":"Device Name","description":"Device the Find iPhone Alert and Message should be sent to","required":true,"example":"Gary (gary_iphone)","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"icloud3"}],"multiple":false}}},"number":{"name":"Phone Number","description":"The phone number to send the message to","example":"123-456-7890","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"message":{"name":"Message","description":"The message to be sent","example":"This Phone has been lost. Please call this number to report it found.","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"This service will send a Message and Phone number to the lost iPhone","name":"Send Lost Device Message"},"display_message_alert":{"fields":{"device_name":{"name":"Device Name","description":"Device the message should be displayed on","required":true,"example":"Duncan (duncan_iphone)","selector":{"device":{"filter":[{"integration":"icloud3"}],"multiple":false}}},"message":{"name":"Message","description":"The message to be sent","example":"Back door is unlocked","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"sounds":{"name":"Sounds","description":"If a sound is to be played along with message","example":"True","required":true,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"This service will display a message on the device and can also play an alert tone","name":"Display Message Alert"}}},{"domain":"zha","services":{"permit":{"fields":{"duration":{"default":60,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":254,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"ieee":{"example":"00:0d:6f:00:05:7d:2d:34","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"source_ieee":{"example":"00:0a:bf:00:01:10:23:35","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"install_code":{"example":"1234-5678-1234-5678-AABB-CCDD-AABB-CCDD-EEFF","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"qr_code":{"example":"Z:000D6FFFFED4163B$I:52797BF4A5084DAA8E1712B61741CA024051","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"remove":{"fields":{"ieee":{"required":true,"example":"00:0d:6f:00:05:7d:2d:34","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"set_zigbee_cluster_attribute":{"fields":{"ieee":{"required":true,"example":"00:0d:6f:00:05:7d:2d:34","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"endpoint_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"cluster_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"cluster_type":{"default":"in","selector":{"select":{"options":["in","out"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"attribute":{"required":true,"example":0,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"value":{"required":true,"example":1,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"manufacturer":{"example":252,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"issue_zigbee_cluster_command":{"fields":{"ieee":{"required":true,"example":"00:0d:6f:00:05:7d:2d:34","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"endpoint_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"cluster_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"cluster_type":{"default":"in","selector":{"select":{"options":["in","out"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"command":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"command_type":{"required":true,"selector":{"select":{"options":["client","server"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"args":{"example":"[arg1, arg2, argN]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"params":{"selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"manufacturer":{"example":252,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"issue_zigbee_group_command":{"fields":{"group":{"required":true,"example":546,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"cluster_id":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"cluster_type":{"default":"in","selector":{"select":{"options":["in","out"],"custom_value":false,"multiple":false,"sort":false}}},"command":{"required":true,"selector":{"number":{"min":1,"max":65535,"step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"args":{"example":"[arg1, arg2, argN]","selector":{"object":{"multiple":false}}},"manufacturer":{"example":252,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}}},"warning_device_squawk":{"fields":{"ieee":{"required":true,"example":"00:0d:6f:00:05:7d:2d:34","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"mode":{"default":0,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":1,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"strobe":{"default":1,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":1,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"level":{"default":2,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":3,"mode":"box","step":1}}}}},"warning_device_warn":{"fields":{"ieee":{"required":true,"example":"00:0d:6f:00:05:7d:2d:34","selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"mode":{"default":3,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":6,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"strobe":{"default":1,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":1,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"level":{"default":2,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":3,"mode":"box","step":1}}},"duration":{"default":5,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":65535,"unit_of_measurement":"seconds","step":1,"mode":"slider"}}},"duty_cycle":{"default":0,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":100,"step":10,"mode":"slider"}}},"intensity":{"default":2,"selector":{"number":{"min":0,"max":3,"mode":"box","step":1}}}}},"set_lock_user_code":{"fields":{"code_slot":{"required":true,"example":1,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}},"user_code":{"required":true,"example":1234,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"zha"}]}},"enable_lock_user_code":{"fields":{"code_slot":{"required":true,"example":1,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"zha"}]}},"disable_lock_user_code":{"fields":{"code_slot":{"required":true,"example":1,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"zha"}]}},"clear_lock_user_code":{"fields":{"code_slot":{"required":true,"example":1,"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["lock"],"integration":"zha"}]}}}},{"domain":"automation","services":{"trigger":{"fields":{"skip_condition":{"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["automation"]}]}},"toggle":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["automation"]}]}},"turn_on":{"fields":{},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["automation"]}]}},"turn_off":{"fields":{"stop_actions":{"default":true,"selector":{"boolean":{}}}},"target":{"entity":[{"domain":["automation"]}]}},"reload":{"fields":{}}}},{"domain":"alexa_media","services":{"force_logout":{"fields":{"email":{"description":"List of Alexa accounts to log out. If empty, will log out from all known accounts.","example":"my_email@alexa.com"}},"description":"Force logout of Alexa Login account and deletion of .pickle. Intended for debugging use."},"update_last_called":{"fields":{"email":{"description":"List of Alexa accounts to update. If empty, will update all known accounts.","example":"my_email@alexa.com"}},"description":"Forces update of last_called echo device for each Alexa account."},"restore_volume":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity","description":"Alexa Media Player device to restore volume on.","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"domain":["media_player"],"integration":"alexa_media","reorder":false,"multiple":false}}}},"description":"Restores an Alexa Media Player volume level to the previous volume level."},"get_history_records":{"fields":{"entity_id":{"name":"Entity","description":"Alexa Media Player device to get history from.","required":true,"selector":{"entity":{"domain":["media_player"],"integration":"alexa_media","reorder":false,"multiple":false}}},"entries":{"name":"Entries","description":"Number of records to return.","required":false,"default":5,"example":5}},"description":"Returns the last entries of all the customer history."},"enable_network_discovery":{"fields":{"email":{"name":"Account email(s)","description":"Optional Alexa account email or list of emails. If omitted, all Alexa Media accounts will be refreshed.\n","required":false,"example":["email protected"],"selector":{"text":{"multiple":false,"multiline":false}}}},"description":"Re-enable Alexa network discovery so the next polling cycle will rediscover Alexa devices for the selected accounts.\n","name":"Enable network discovery"}}}]
10:32:28 PM [express] GET /api/openai-approval/pending 304 in 0ms :: []
10:32:29 PM [express] GET /api/automation-cooldown 304 in 0ms :: {"active":false,"remaining":0,"reason":null}
10:32:30 PM [express] GET /api/ha/entities 200 in 481ms :: [{"entityId":"update.home_assistant_supervisor_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Supervisor Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.home_assistant_core_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Core Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.matter_server_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Matter Server Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.mariadb_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"MariaDB Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.studio_code_server_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Studio Code Server Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.mosquitto_broker_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Mosquitto broker Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.appdaemon_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"AppDaemon Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.file_editor_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"File editor Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.terminal_ssh_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Terminal & SSH Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.samba_share_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Samba share Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.ssh_web_terminal_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Advanced SSH & Web Terminal Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.home_assistant_google_drive_backup_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Google Drive Backup Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.log_viewer_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Log Viewer Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.z_wave_js_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Z-Wave JS Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.ewelink_smart_home_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"eWeLink Smart Home Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.silicon_labs_multiprotocol_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Silicon Labs Multiprotocol Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.rtsp_simple_server_add_on_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"RTSP Simple Server Add-on Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.silicon_labs_flasher_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Silicon Labs Flasher Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.custom_deps_deployment_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Custom deps deployment Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.eufy_security_ws_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"eufy-security-ws Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.music_assistant_server_beta_update","state":"on","friendlyName":"Music Assistant (BETA) Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.home_assistant_operating_system_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Operating System Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"conversation.home_assistant","state":"2026-04-15T04:30:11.145182+00:00","friendlyName":"Home Assistant","domain":"conversation"},{"entityId":"light.cat_lights","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group - Cat","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.living_room_lights_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - LR","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.kitchen_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - Kitchen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.hallway_light_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - Hallway","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_closet","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group - Closet","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_king","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group - King","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_pug","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group - Pug","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_queen","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group - Queen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_balcony","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Group - Balcony","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_all","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - All","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.kitchen_island_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - Kitchen Island","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.lr_lamp_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - LR Lamp","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_king_bed_led","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Group - King Bed LED","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_hallway_track","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - Hallway Track","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_kitchenlr","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group KitchenLR","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_closet_track","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group - Closet Track","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_queen_track","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group - Queen Track","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_king_track","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group - King Track","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.kitchen_track","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kitchen Track","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.living_room_sconces","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Group - LR Sconces","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_behind_couch","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - Behind Couch","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_beside_balcony","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Group - Beside Balcony","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_cat_up_down","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group - Cat Up Down","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_cat_shelves","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group - Cat Shelves","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.everywhere_ha","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Everywhere HA","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_lr_sconce_r","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - LR Sconce (R)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_lr_sconce_l","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - LR Sconce (L)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_kitchen_track","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Group - Kitchen Track","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.window_rainbow","state":"on","friendlyName":"Window Rainbow","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.kitchen_light_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Kitchen Light Group","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_group_window_rainbow","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group - Window Rainbow","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.new_room","state":"on","friendlyName":"New Room","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.kitchen_and_living_room","state":"on","friendlyName":"Kitchen and Living Room Media","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.cat_washroom_media_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Washroom Media Group","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.king_bedroom_media_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"King Bedroom Media Group","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.pug_media_group","state":"playing","friendlyName":"Pug Media Group","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.hallway_media_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Hallway Media Group","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.queen_bedroom_media_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Queen Bedroom Media Group","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.closet_media_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Closet Media Group","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.kitchen_media_group","state":"on","friendlyName":"Kitchen Media Group","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.living_room_media_group","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Living Room Media Group","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.to_do","state":"0","friendlyName":"To Do","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.washer_door_lock","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Washer Door Lock","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.washer_time_display","state":"","friendlyName":"Washer Time Display","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.dryer_time_display","state":"","friendlyName":"Dryer Time Display","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.blank","state":"","friendlyName":"Blank Sensor","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.last_automation_triggered","state":"6 days<br>15:30:38","friendlyName":"Last Automation Triggered","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.last_automation_triggered2","state":"<span class=\"blink-red\">\n      Sat - 3:30PM<br>151 hours ago\n    </span>","friendlyName":"Last Automation Triggered2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.water_level_no_unit","state":"High","friendlyName":"Water Level No Unit","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.meds_timer_status","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"meds_timer_status","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_home","state":"not_home","friendlyName":"iphone_8 Home (SSID = Airbus420iot5G)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.yasu_home","state":"not_home","friendlyName":"yasu Home (SSID = Airbus420iot5G)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.stopwatch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Stopwatch","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_politics_attributes_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Politics Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_politics_attributes_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Politics Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_politics_attributes_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Politics Content 2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_top_stories_attributes_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Top Stories Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_top_stories_attributes_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Top Stories Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_toronto_attributes_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Toronto Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cbs_news_politics_attributes_0","state":"Judge blocks Nexstar's acquisition of Tegna until antitrust suit resolved","friendlyName":"CBS News Politics Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cbs_news_politics_attributes_1","state":"U.S. delegation visited Cuba last week as Trump heaped pressure on island","friendlyName":"CBS News Politics Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cbs_news_top_stories_attributes_0","state":"Judge blocks Nexstar's acquisition of Tegna until antitrust suit resolved","friendlyName":"CBS News Top Stories Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cbs_news_top_stories_attributes_1","state":"Reported tornado in Lena, Illinois, causes major damage; town is shut down","friendlyName":"CBS News Top Stories Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_headlines_attributes_1","state":"Northwest Calgary family seeks answers after motorist crashes into home, drives away","friendlyName":"Global News Headlines Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_toronto_attributes_0","state":"Ontario education minister considering social media ban for under 16s","friendlyName":"Global News Toronto Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_toronto_attributes_1","state":"Mayor, transport minister promise not to hike Toronto transit fares during World Cup","friendlyName":"Global News Toronto Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_politics_attributes_0","state":"Lutnick says Trump views CUSMA as ‘a bad deal,’ needs to be ‘re-imagined’","friendlyName":"Global News Politics Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cnn_news_attributes_0","state":"World Cup fans outraged by insanely high transit ticket prices - <b>CNN</b>","friendlyName":"CNN News Content 0","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cnn_news_attributes_1","state":"Iran: Strait of Hormuz open for remainder of ceasefire - <b>CNN</b>","friendlyName":"CNN News Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cnn_news_attributes_2","state":"'A good sign for all of us&quot;: GOP Congressman reacts to Trump's declarations on the Strait of Hormuz","friendlyName":"CNN News Content 2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cnn_news_attributes_3","state":"Was woman named Rachel Dorn fired for working 3 remote jobs at once? - Snopes.com","friendlyName":"CNN News Content 3","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cnn_news_attributes_4","state":"With a ceasefire in Lebanon, Trump has forced Netanyahu's hand – again | <b>CNN</b>","friendlyName":"CNN News Content 4","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.calories_remaining","state":"1600","friendlyName":"calories_remaining","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_steps_clean","state":"8697","friendlyName":"iphone_8_steps_clean","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.calories_burned","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"calories_burned","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.calories_in_clean","state":"0","friendlyName":"calories_in_clean","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.brynexport_walking_running_distance_clean","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"brynexport_walking_running_distance_clean","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.activity_calories_clean","state":"0","friendlyName":"activity_calories_clean","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.brynexport_carbohydrates_clean","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"brynexport_carbohydrates_clean","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.brynexport_total_fat_clean","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"brynexport_total_fat_clean","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.steps_remaining","state":"1303","friendlyName":"steps_remaining","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_active_calories_burnt_today_clean","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Active Calories Burnt Today","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.brynexport_active_energy_clean","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Active Energy","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.adjusted_weight","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Adjusted Weight","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_assistant_ideas_account1_attributes_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"To Do List Contents","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.formatted_date","state":"April 17","friendlyName":"Formatted Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.active_chores","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"active_chores","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.aquarium_temperature","state":"0","friendlyName":"Aquarium Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.weather_network_pollen_index","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pollen Index (Weather Network)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.weather_network_pollen_name","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pollen Risk Type (Weather Network)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.weather_network_uv_index","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"UV Index (Weather Network)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.weather_network_air_quality","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Air Quality (Weather Network)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.weather_network_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Temperature (Weather Network) (Weather Network)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.weather_network_swo_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Severe Weather Risk Level (Weather Network)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.weather_network_swo_type","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Severe Weather Risk Type (Weather Network)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.stopwatch_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Stopwatch","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_politics_attributes_1","state":"Canada’s emissions reductions slowed in 2024, federal data shows","friendlyName":"Global News Politics Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_toronto_attributes_0_2","state":"Ontario education minister considering social media ban for under 16s","friendlyName":"Global News Toronto Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_toronto_attributes_1_2","state":"Mayor, transport minister promise not to hike Toronto transit fares during World Cup","friendlyName":"Global News Toronto Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_politics_attributes_0_2","state":"Lutnick says Trump views CUSMA as ‘a bad deal,’ needs to be ‘re-imagined’","friendlyName":"Global News Politics Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_politics_attributes_1_2","state":"Canada’s emissions reductions slowed in 2024, federal data shows","friendlyName":"Global News Politics Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cnn_news_attributes_0_2","state":"World Cup fans outraged by insanely high transit ticket prices - <b>CNN</b>","friendlyName":"CNN News Content 0","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cnn_news_attributes_1_2","state":"Iran: Strait of Hormuz open for remainder of ceasefire - <b>CNN</b>","friendlyName":"CNN News Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.google_news_attributes","state":"U.S. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick takes a swipe at <b>Canada's</b> trade strategy ahead of review","friendlyName":"Google News Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.google_news_attributes_2","state":"Air <b>Canada</b> suspends some U.S. flights due to jet fuel prices as oil crisis hits Europe","friendlyName":"Google News Content 2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.google_news_attributes_3","state":"Prime Minister Carney announces first-ever <b>Canada</b> Investment Summit","friendlyName":"Google News Content 3","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.google_news_attributes_4","state":"Carney announces new summit in Toronto aimed at driving $1 trillion in investment","friendlyName":"Google News Content 4","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_toronto_attributes_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Toronto Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_politics_attributes_1_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Politics Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_top_stories_attributes_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Top Stories Content 2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_politics_attributes_2_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Politics Content 2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_top_stories_attributes_0_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Top Stories Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_top_stories_attributes_1_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Top Stories Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_toronto_attributes_1_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Toronto Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cbs_news_politics_attributes_0_2","state":"Judge blocks Nexstar's acquisition of Tegna until antitrust suit resolved","friendlyName":"CBS News Politics Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cbs_news_politics_attributes_1_2","state":"U.S. delegation visited Cuba last week as Trump heaped pressure on island","friendlyName":"CBS News Politics Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cbs_news_top_stories_attributes_0_2","state":"Judge blocks Nexstar's acquisition of Tegna until antitrust suit resolved","friendlyName":"CBS News Top Stories Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cbs_news_top_stories_attributes_1_2","state":"Reported tornado in Lena, Illinois, causes major damage; town is shut down","friendlyName":"CBS News Top Stories Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_headlines_attributes_1_2","state":"Northwest Calgary family seeks answers after motorist crashes into home, drives away","friendlyName":"Global News Headlines Content 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_politics_attributes_0_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"CTV News Politics Content","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.active_energy","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Active Energy","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.day","state":"Friday","friendlyName":"Day","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.date_2","state":"April 17, 2026","friendlyName":"Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.dogs_timer_color","state":"rgba(255,255,255,1)","friendlyName":"Dogs Timer Color","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.date_time_iso","state":"2026-04-17T22:32:00","friendlyName":"Date & Time (ISO)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"light.plug_king_fountain","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - King Fountain","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.fan_cat_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_shelves_led3_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_towels_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Towels","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.plug_cat_beacon_red_socket","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat Beacon Red Socket","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.plug_cat_wr_mini_fountain_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat WR Fountain Plug","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_hutch_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Hutch","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_rings","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Rings","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.plug_kitchen_hutch_fountain_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Hutch Fountain Plug","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_shelves_r","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Shelves (Right)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_pantry_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Pantry","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_behind_couch","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Behind Couch","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_beside_balcony","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Beside Balcony","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_elephant","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Elephant","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_waterfall_accent_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Accent","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_waterfall_plug_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Plug","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_on_air_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King On Air Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_closet_storage_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Closet Storage Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_picture_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_shelf_led_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen D Shelf","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_shelf_led_socket_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Shelf LED Socket 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_hutch_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Hutch & Mirror","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_shelves_led4_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED4 Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_pug_led_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Pug LED Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.plug_hallway_entrance_work_beacon_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Entrance Work Beacon Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.fan_cat_black_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat B Fan Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.plug_king_red_work_beacon_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - King Red Work Beacon Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_waterfall_pond","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Pond","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.plug_kitchen_potpourri_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Potpourri Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_led_up2_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat LED up2 Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_rainbow1_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Rainbow1 Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.lights_rainbow2_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Lights - Rainbow2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_rainbow3_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Rainbow3 Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_cat_water_beacon_socket","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Cat Water Beacon","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_arch_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Arch Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_candle_burner_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Candle Burner Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_thanksgiving_lights_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Thanksgiving Lights Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_shelves_led1_socket","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED1 Socket","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_shelves_led2_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED2 Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_picturen_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Picture Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_cat_house_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Cat House Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_shelves_l_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Shelves L Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_cupboard_l_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Cupboard (L) Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_cupboard_r_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Cupboard (R) Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_shelves_led_3_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED 3 Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.fan_cat_black2_plug_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Black2 Plug Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_cupboard_shelves_led_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Cupboard Shelves LED Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.plug_kitchen_recycling_light_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Recycling Light","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_duct_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Duct","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.plug_kitchen_utility_cart_light_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Utility Cart Light","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.plug_cabinet_strip_lights_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Cabinet strip lights Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_hutch_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Hutch","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"event.backup_automatic_backup","state":"2026-04-17T09:35:56.805+00:00","friendlyName":"Backup Automatic backup","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"sensor.backup_backup_manager_state","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Backup Backup Manager state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.backup_next_scheduled_automatic_backup","state":"2026-04-18T08:46:36+00:00","friendlyName":"Backup Next scheduled automatic backup","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.backup_last_successful_automatic_backup","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Backup Last successful automatic backup","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.backup_last_attempted_automatic_backup","state":"2026-04-17T09:32:53+00:00","friendlyName":"Backup Last attempted automatic backup","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.google_news","state":"20","friendlyName":"Google News","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_politics","state":"0","friendlyName":"CTV News Politics","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.remote_ui","state":"on","friendlyName":"Remote UI","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"stt.home_assistant_cloud","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Cloud","domain":"stt"},{"entityId":"tts.home_assistant_cloud","state":"2026-04-12T19:48:16.506920+00:00","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Cloud","domain":"tts"},{"entityId":"scene.queen_bedroom","state":"2023-08-20T18:06:35.571930+00:00","friendlyName":"Queen Bedroom Party Scene","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.king_blinds_open","state":"2023-05-03T06:10:23.302631+00:00","friendlyName":"King Blinds - Open","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.new_scene","state":"2023-05-28T01:56:54.763520+00:00","friendlyName":"Close Blind","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.open_blind","state":"2023-05-28T01:48:33.619325+00:00","friendlyName":"Open Blind","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.new_scene_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"New scene","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"sensor.date","state":"2026-04-17","friendlyName":"Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"zone.home2","state":"2","friendlyName":"Home","domain":"zone"},{"entityId":"zone.work","state":"0","friendlyName":"Work","domain":"zone"},{"entityId":"input_select.rooms","state":"Living Room","friendlyName":"Rooms","domain":"input_select"},{"entityId":"input_select.menu","state":"tap_action: navigate","friendlyName":"Menu","domain":"input_select"},{"entityId":"input_select.media_sources","state":"media_player.echo","friendlyName":"Media Sources","domain":"input_select"},{"entityId":"input_select.media_player","state":"Echo - Cat (Right) AM","friendlyName":"Media Player","domain":"input_select"},{"entityId":"input_select.rx_stereo_menu_list","state":"Devices","friendlyName":"input_select.rx_stereo_menu_list","domain":"input_select"},{"entityId":"input_number.awtrix_app_time_work_toggle","state":"6826.0","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: App Time Toggle","domain":"input_number"},{"entityId":"input_number.awtrix_app_time_home_toggle","state":"1000.0","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: App Time Toggle","domain":"input_number"},{"entityId":"input_number.awtrix_health_app_time_home_toggle","state":"1000.0","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: App Time Home Toggle","domain":"input_number"},{"entityId":"timer.meds_timer_yasu","state":"active","friendlyName":"Yasu meds","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"timer.hallway_fish_fed","state":"active","friendlyName":"Fish Timer - Hallway","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"timer.fish_timer_king","state":"active","friendlyName":"Fish Timer - King","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"timer.dogs","state":"active","friendlyName":"Dogs Timer","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"timer.bryn_monthly_medication","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Bryn bi-Monthly Medication","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"timer.supplements_bryn","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Supplements (Bryn)","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"timer.tester","state":"idle","friendlyName":"tester","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"timer.bryn_meds","state":"active","friendlyName":"Bryn Meds","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"timer.rascal_meds_timer","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Rascal Meds Timer","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"timer.rascal_meds_timer_2","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Rascal Meds Timer","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"timer.rascal_meds_timer_3","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Rascal Meds Timer","domain":"timer"},{"entityId":"input_button.stop_balcony_blind","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Stop Balcony Blind","domain":"input_button"},{"entityId":"input_button.volume_up","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Volume Up","domain":"input_button"},{"entityId":"input_button.doorbell","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Doorbell","domain":"input_button"},{"entityId":"input_button.motion","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Motion","domain":"input_button"},{"entityId":"input_button.test_2","state":"2024-11-11T01:12:32.318228+00:00","friendlyName":"Test","domain":"input_button"},{"entityId":"input_button.test_3","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Test","domain":"input_button"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.module_reading_pending","state":"off","friendlyName":"Module Reading Pending","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.module_reading_confirmed","state":"off","friendlyName":"Module Reading Confirmed","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"zone.home","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home","domain":"zone"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.doorbell_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Doorbell Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.camera_privacy","state":"off","friendlyName":"Camera Privacy","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.reminder","state":"off","friendlyName":"Reminder","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.dryer","state":"off","friendlyName":"Dryer","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.washer","state":"off","friendlyName":"Washer","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.button_calm_my_cat","state":"off","friendlyName":"Button - Calm My Cat","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.bryn_log_breakfast","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bryn - Log Breakfast","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.bryn_log_breakfast_ii","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bryn - Log Breakfast II","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_temperature_outside","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Temperature Outside Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_temperature_home_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Temperature Home Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_time_stock_toggle","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Time Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_date_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Date Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_weather_stock_toggle","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Weather Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_temperature_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Temperature Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_humidity_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Humidity Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_battery_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Battery Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_notification_work_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Notification Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_weather_outside_toggle","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Weather Outside Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_clock_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Work: Clock Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_steps_toggle","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Steps Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_weight_app_toggle","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Weight App Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_weight","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Weight","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_battery_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Battery Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_clock_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Clock Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_date_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Date Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_humidity_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Humidity Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_notification_home_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Notification Home Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_apple_steps_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Apple Steps Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_withings_steps_toggle","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Withings Steps Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_temp_home_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Temp Home Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_temp_outside_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Temp Outside Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_time_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Time Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_weather_outside_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Weather Outside Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_weather_stock_toggle","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Weather Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_health_temperature_stock_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Temperature Stock Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.spa_music_cat_wr","state":"off","friendlyName":"Spa Music - Cat WR","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.test","state":"off","friendlyName":"test","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_laundry","state":"off","friendlyName":"Chore (8 Wkly): Laundry","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_vacuum","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (2 Mon): Vacuum","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_brushing_dogs","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (8 Wkly): Brush Dogs","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_bed_linen","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (8 Wkly): Bed Linen","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_floors","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (4 Wed): Floors","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_recycling","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (8 Wkly): Recycling","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_garbage","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (8 Wkly): Garbage","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_organics","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (8 Wkly): Organics","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_dusting","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (1-Sun): Dusting","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_plants","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (1 Sun): Plants","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.main_motion","state":"off","friendlyName":"Main Motion","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_bathrooms","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (8 Wkly): Bathrooms","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_clean_fridge","state":"off","friendlyName":"Chore (9 Qrtly): Fridge","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_clean_microwave","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (9 Qrtly): Microwave","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_4_thur_vacuum","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (4 Thur): Vacuum","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.movie","state":"off","friendlyName":"Movie","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.chore_8_wkly_brush_cats","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chore (8 Wkly): Brush Cats","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_news_toggle","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix News Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_todo_toggle","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Todo Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.awtrix_todo","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Todo","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_mounjaro","state":"on","friendlyName":"Weekly Mounjaro","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_saxenda","state":"off","friendlyName":"Daily Saxenda","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_walk_to_hospital","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 11. Walk/Ride to meet","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_5mins_crunches","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 6. 5 mins Crunches","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_take_vitamins","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 3. Vitamins","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_stretches","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 5. Stretches","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_skip_rope","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 10. 5 mins Skip Rope","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_stairs","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 09. Stairs","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_record_meals","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 4. Record Meals-1","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_weigh_in","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 1. Daily Weigh In","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_metamucil","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 2. Fibre","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_green_tea_water_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 7. Green Tea/Water 1","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_green_tea_water_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 12. Green Tea/Water 2","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_record_meals_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 08. Record Meals-2","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.health_task_record_meals_3","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 13. Record Meals-3","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.daily_14_charge_watch","state":"on","friendlyName":"Daily 14. Charge Watch","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_living_room","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Living Room","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.test_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"test","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_me_the_kitchen","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Kitchen","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_king_bedroom","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show King Bedroom","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_pug_washroom","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Pug Washroom","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_cat_washroom","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Cat Washroom","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_hallway","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Hallway","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_queen_bedroom","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Queen Bedroom","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_closet","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Closet","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_weather","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show weather","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_laundry","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Laundry","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_health","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Health","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_chores","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Chores","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_vacuum","state":"off","friendlyName":"Show Vacuum","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.show_doorbell","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Doorbell","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.dash_expander","state":"off","friendlyName":"Dash Expander","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.rx_stereo_menu","state":"on","friendlyName":"input_boolean.rx_stereo_menu","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.rx_stereo_volume","state":"on","friendlyName":"input_boolean.rx_stereo_volume","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.enabled_disabled","state":"off","friendlyName":"Enabled Disabled","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.display_power","state":"off","friendlyName":"display_power","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.all_motion_toggle","state":"on","friendlyName":"All Motion Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.light_group_cat","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light Group Cat","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.light_group_cat_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Group Cat Toggle","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"person.bkh","state":"Home","friendlyName":"BKH","domain":"person"},{"entityId":"person.yasu","state":"Home","friendlyName":"Yasu","domain":"person"},{"entityId":"person.non_admin","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"nonadmin","domain":"person"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.y_phone_app","state":"not_home","friendlyName":"Yasu","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_top_stories","state":"0","friendlyName":"CTV News Top Stories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"camera.xiaomi_cloud_map_extractor","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Xiaomi Cloud Map Extractor","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"sensor.ctv_news_toronto","state":"0","friendlyName":"CTV News Toronto","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"tag.91c4ba86_0438_4228_bb86_f5a92cc6f6cd","state":"2024-05-10T22:37:27.656+00:00","friendlyName":"Tag 91c4ba86-0438-4228-bb86-f5a92cc6f6cd","domain":"tag"},{"entityId":"sun.sun","state":"below_horizon","friendlyName":"Sun","domain":"sun"},{"entityId":"sensor.sun_next_dawn","state":"2026-04-18T09:57:33+00:00","friendlyName":"Sun Next dawn","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sun_next_dusk","state":"2026-04-19T00:36:56+00:00","friendlyName":"Sun Next dusk","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sun_next_midnight","state":"2026-04-18T05:16:47+00:00","friendlyName":"Sun Next midnight","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sun_next_noon","state":"2026-04-18T17:16:57+00:00","friendlyName":"Sun Next noon","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sun_next_rising","state":"2026-04-18T10:28:01+00:00","friendlyName":"Sun Next rising","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sun_next_setting","state":"2026-04-19T00:06:21+00:00","friendlyName":"Sun Next setting","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.app_news_headlines","state":"0","friendlyName":"App News Headlines","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.unical_weather","state":"","friendlyName":"UniCal Weather","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.unical_weather_alerts","state":"2","friendlyName":"UniCal Weather Alerts","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.unical_pollen","state":"","friendlyName":"UniCal Pollen","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.unical_news","state":"28","friendlyName":"UniCal News","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.app_news","state":"28","friendlyName":"App News","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cnn_news","state":"20","friendlyName":"CNN News","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.google_news_2","state":"0","friendlyName":"Google News","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cbs_news_politics","state":"30","friendlyName":"CBS News Politics","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cbs_news_top_stories","state":"30","friendlyName":"CBS News Top Stories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.formaldehyde_sensor","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Formaldehyde Detector - Kitchen Formaldehyde Sensor","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Formaldehyde Detector - Kitchen Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.voc","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Formaldehyde Detector - Kitchen VOC","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feed_report_15","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Cat Feed report 15","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Cat Mode","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.food_shortages","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Cat food_shortages","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.pm10","state":"1","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat PM10","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.filter_percent","state":"92","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat Filter Percent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.currenttempc","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Heater - Hallway Aquarium TY CurrentTempC","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.status","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Litter Box - Hallway Status","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.water_level","state":"high","friendlyName":"Fountain - Hallway Cat Water Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Formaldehyde Detector - Kitchen Humidity","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.silence_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Medication Dispenser - Cat Silence Alarm","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.firmware","state":"on","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat Firmware","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kettle - Kitchen Power","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.power_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat2 Power","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.spray","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat2 Spray","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.led","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat2 LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.sleep","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat2 Sleep","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.clock_sunrise","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Clock - King SunRise Clock - Sunrise","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.manual_clean","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Litter Box - Hallway Manual Clean","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.high_temp_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Heater - Hallway Aquarium TY High Temp Alarm","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.low_temp_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Heater - Hallway Aquarium TY Low Temp Alarm","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.temp_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Heater - Hallway Aquarium TY Temp Alarm","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.probe1alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Heater - Hallway Aquarium TY Probe1Alarm","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.probe2_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Heater - Hallway Aquarium TY Probe2 Alarm","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.heater_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Heater - Hallway Aquarium TY Heater Alarm","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fault","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Litter Box - Hallway Fault","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"climate.entity","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat Entity","domain":"climate"},{"entityId":"sensor.weather_network","state":"OK","friendlyName":"weather_network","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fault_indicator","state":"off","friendlyName":"Cat Litter - Hallway Snow2 Fault Indicator","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.study_dashboard_heartbeat","state":"online","friendlyName":"Study Dashboard Heartbeat","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"govee.state","state":"async_setup called","friendlyName":"govee.state","domain":"govee"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_headlines","state":"10","friendlyName":"Global News Headlines","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_browser_id","state":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_browser_path","state":"/lovelace/test-home","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_browser_visibility","state":"visible","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_browser_useragent","state":"Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 11; KFTUWI Build/RS8338.3339N; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/124.0.6367.248 Safari/537.36 Home Assistant/2026.3.2-20802 (Android 11; KFTUWI)","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_browser_user","state":"nonadmin","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_browser_fullykiosk","state":"off","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_browser_width","state":"1280","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_browser_height","state":"800","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_browser_dark_mode","state":"on","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93","state":"off","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_screen","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93_panel","state":"Overview - Test-home","friendlyName":"browser_mod_46366142_2d45ab93 Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_browser_id","state":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_browser_path","state":"/lovelace/test-home","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_browser_visibility","state":"visible","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_browser_useragent","state":"Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 11; KFTUWI Build/RS8338.3339N; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/134.0.6998.207 Safari/537.36 Home Assistant/2026.3.2-20802 (Android 11; KFTUWI)","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_browser_user","state":"nonadmin","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_browser_fullykiosk","state":"off","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_browser_width","state":"1280","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_browser_height","state":"800","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_browser_dark_mode","state":"on","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97","state":"off","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_screen","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97_panel","state":"Overview - Test-home","friendlyName":"browser_mod_47cf8bf8_6f814e97 Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_browser_id","state":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_browser_path","state":"/lovelace/test-home","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_browser_visibility","state":"visible","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_browser_useragent","state":"Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 11; KFTUWI Build/RS8338.3339N; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/132.0.6834.209 Safari/537.36 Home Assistant/2026.3.2-20802 (Android 11; KFTUWI)","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_browser_user","state":"nonadmin","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_browser_fullykiosk","state":"off","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_browser_width","state":"1280","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_browser_height","state":"800","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_browser_dark_mode","state":"on","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c","state":"off","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_screen","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c_panel","state":"Overview - Test-home","friendlyName":"browser_mod_0bfcf2bd_a5aa8e0c Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299_browser_id","state":"966a79bc-d5c1f299","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299_browser_path","state":"/lovelace/test-home","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299_browser_visibility","state":"visible","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299_browser_useragent","state":"Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/147.0.0.0 Safari/537.36 Edg/147.0.0.0","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299_browser_user","state":"nonadmin","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299_browser_fullykiosk","state":"off","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299_browser_width","state":"1366","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299_browser_height","state":"768","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299_browser_dark_mode","state":"on","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299","state":"off","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.966a79bc_d5c1f299_screen","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.966a79bc_d5c1f299","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.966a79bc_d5c1f299_panel","state":"Overview - Test-home","friendlyName":"966a79bc-d5c1f299 Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_id","state":"b5470720-ff12c213","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_path","state":"/lovelace/test-home","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_visibility","state":"visible","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_useragent","state":"Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 11; KFSNWI Build/RS8338.3339N; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/140.0.7339.251 Safari/537.36 Home Assistant/2026.3.2-20802 (Android 11; KFSNWI)","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_user","state":"nonadmin","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_fullykiosk","state":"off","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_width","state":"1502","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_height","state":"901","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_dark_mode","state":"on","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.b5470720_ff12c213","state":"off","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.b5470720_ff12c213_screen","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.b5470720_ff12c213","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_panel","state":"Overview - Test-home","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_id","state":"browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_path","state":"/lovelace/test-home","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_visibility","state":"visible","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_useragent","state":"Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 11; KFTUWI Build/RS8338.3339N; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/142.0.7444.236 Safari/537.36 Home Assistant/2026.3.2-20802 (Android 11; KFTUWI)","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_user","state":"nonadmin","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_fullykiosk","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_width","state":"1280","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_height","state":"800","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_dark_mode","state":"on","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_screen","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_panel","state":"Overview - Test-home","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_3591f9e8_34fd92d9 Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"schedule.cat_meds","state":"off","friendlyName":"Cat Meds","domain":"schedule"},{"entityId":"input_text.alexa_sound_notification","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Alexa Sound Notification","domain":"input_text"},{"entityId":"input_text.newsitem_title","state":"[Action required] Your RSS.app Trial has Expired.","friendlyName":"Newsitem Title","domain":"input_text"},{"entityId":"input_text.newsitem_description","state":"Your trial has expired. Please update your subscription plan at <a href=\"https://rss.app\">rss.app</a>. - (h9onbf2OJAzfrKl2)","friendlyName":"Newsitem Description","domain":"input_text"},{"entityId":"input_text.newsitem_link","state":"https://rss.app","friendlyName":"Newsitem Link","domain":"input_text"},{"entityId":"counter.bryn","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn","domain":"counter"},{"entityId":"counter.count_up_timer","state":"2","friendlyName":"Count Up Timer","domain":"counter"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_toronto","state":"10","friendlyName":"Global News Toronto","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.global_news_politics","state":"10","friendlyName":"Global News Politics","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_battery","state":"98","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.b5470720_ff12c213_browser_charging","state":"on","friendlyName":"b5470720-ff12c213 Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.statistical_characteristic","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Statistical characteristic","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.statistical_characteristic_2","state":"771.58","friendlyName":"Withings Statistical characteristic","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"input_datetime.bryn_meds","state":"2023-09-06 17:10:00","friendlyName":"Bryn Meds","domain":"input_datetime"},{"entityId":"input_datetime.vacuum","state":"2024-09-17 00:00:00","friendlyName":"Vacuum","domain":"input_datetime"},{"entityId":"input_datetime.newsitem_date","state":"2024-10-01 08:29:22","friendlyName":"Newsitem Date","domain":"input_datetime"},{"entityId":"input_datetime.test","state":"00:00:00","friendlyName":"Test","domain":"input_datetime"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.fire_cube","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Firecube-nonadmin","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.firecube_nonadmin_battery_level","state":"42","friendlyName":"Firecube-nonadmin Battery Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.firecube_nonadmin_battery_state","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Firecube-nonadmin Battery State","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.firecube_nonadmin_charger_type","state":"none","friendlyName":"Firecube-nonadmin Charger Type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.cat","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"cat","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.fire_tablet_kitchen","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Kitchen","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_kitchen_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Kitchen Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_kitchen_battery_state","state":"full","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Kitchen Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_kitchen_charger_type","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Kitchen Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.fire_tablet_8","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Cat","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_cat_battery_level","state":"90","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Cat Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_cat_battery_state","state":"discharging","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Cat Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_cat_charger_type","state":"none","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Cat Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.iphone_8_focus","state":"off","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Focus","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.iphone_8","state":"home","friendlyName":"iPhone (8)","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_floors_ascended","state":"1","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Floors Ascended","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_activity","state":"Walking","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Activity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_distance","state":"6566","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_floors_descended","state":"3","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Floors Descended","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_steps","state":"8697","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Steps","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_storage","state":"76.79","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Storage","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_average_active_pace","state":"0","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Average Active Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_battery_level","state":"55","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Battery Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_battery_state","state":"Not Charging","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Battery State","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_sim_1","state":"--","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) SIM 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_connection_type","state":"Cellular","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Connection Type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_sim_2","state":"--","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) SIM 2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_bssid","state":"Not Connected","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) BSSID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_ssid","state":"Not Connected","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) SSID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_last_update_trigger","state":"Geographic Region Entered","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Last Update Trigger","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_geocoded_location","state":"7–13 Howard St\nToronto ON M4X 1J4\nCanada","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Geocoded Location","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_location_permission","state":"Authorized Always","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Location permission","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_watch_battery","state":"15","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Watch Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_app_version","state":"2025.10.0","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) App Version","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_watch_battery_state","state":"Not Charging","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Watch Battery State","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_8_audio_output","state":"Built-in Speaker","friendlyName":"iPhone (8) Audio Output","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_cat","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_battery_state","state":"discharging","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_charger_type","state":"none","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_queen_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_queen_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_queen_battery_state","state":"full","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_queen_charger_type","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.fire_tablet_king","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - King1","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_king_battery_level_2","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - King Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_king_battery_state_2","state":"full","friendlyName":"Tablet - King Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_king_charger_type_2","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet - King Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.fire_tablet_kitchen_cupboards","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat2","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat2_battery_level","state":"93","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat2 Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat2_battery_state","state":"not_charging","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat2 Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat2_charger_type","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat2 Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_app_inactive","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance App inactive","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_headphones","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Headphones","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_mic_muted","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Mic muted","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_speakerphone","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Speakerphone","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_music_active","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Music active","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_is_charging","state":"on","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Is charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_bluetooth_state","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Bluetooth state","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_work_profile","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Work profile","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_device_locked","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Device locked","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_device_secure","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Device secure","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_keyguard_locked","state":"on","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Keyguard locked","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_keyguard_secure","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Keyguard secure","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_interactive","state":"on","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Interactive","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_doze_mode","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Doze mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.tablet_entrance_power_save","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Power save","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_entrance","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_os_version","state":"11","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance OS version","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_security_patch","state":"2024-12-01","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Security patch","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_current_version","state":"2024.4.1-minimal","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Current version","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_app_rx_gb","state":"0.0014","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance App Rx GB","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_app_tx_gb","state":"0.0006","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance App Tx GB","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_app_memory","state":"0.012","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance App memory","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_app_standby_bucket","state":"never","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance App standby bucket","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_app_importance","state":"foreground_service","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance App importance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_ringer_mode","state":"normal","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Ringer mode","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_audio_mode","state":"normal","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Audio mode","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_volume_level_alarm","state":"21","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Volume level alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_volume_level_call","state":"20","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Volume level call","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_volume_level_music","state":"14","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Volume level music","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_volume_level_ringer","state":"3","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Volume level ringer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_volume_level_notification","state":"3","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Volume level notification","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_volume_level_system","state":"1","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Volume level system","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_volume_level_dtmf","state":"8","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Volume level DTMF","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_volume_level_accessibility","state":"9","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Volume level accessibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_battery_state","state":"full","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_charger_type","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_battery_health","state":"good","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Battery health","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_battery_temperature","state":"25.1","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Battery temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_battery_power","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Battery power","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_bluetooth_connection","state":"0","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Bluetooth connection","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_ble_transmitter","state":"Bluetooth is turned off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance BLE transmitter","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_screen_brightness","state":"255","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Screen brightness","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_screen_off_timeout","state":"1800000","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Screen off timeout","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_do_not_disturb_sensor","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Do Not Disturb sensor","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_last_reboot","state":"2025-05-10T18:34:57+00:00","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Last reboot","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_last_update_trigger","state":"SensorWorker","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Last update trigger","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_light_sensor","state":"0","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Light sensor","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_public_ip_address","state":"142.198.131.77","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Public IP address","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_network_type","state":"wifi","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Network type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_next_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_internal_storage","state":"84","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Internal storage","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_external_storage","state":"0","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance External storage","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_current_time_zone","state":"GMT-04:00","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Current time zone","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_total_rx_gb","state":"0.58","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Total Rx GB","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_total_tx_gb","state":"0.006","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Total Tx GB","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.fire_tablet_10","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Hallway","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_hallway_battery_level","state":"94","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Hallway Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_hallway_battery_state","state":"discharging","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Hallway Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_hallway_charger_type","state":"none","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Hallway Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_hallway_screen_brightness","state":"255","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Hallway Screen brightness","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tablet_hallway_screen_off_timeout","state":"1800000","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - Hallway Screen off timeout","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.y_phone_focus_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Y phone Focus","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.y_phone_4","state":"Home","friendlyName":"Y phone","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_activity_2","state":"Stationary","friendlyName":"Y phone Activity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_battery_level_2","state":"55","friendlyName":"Y phone Battery Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_distance_2","state":"8116","friendlyName":"Y phone Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_floors_descended_2","state":"16","friendlyName":"Y phone Floors Descended","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_floors_ascended_2","state":"28","friendlyName":"Y phone Floors Ascended","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_steps_2","state":"14522","friendlyName":"Y phone Steps","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_average_active_pace_2","state":"1","friendlyName":"Y phone Average Active Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_storage_2","state":"12.52","friendlyName":"Y phone Storage","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_battery_state_2","state":"Charging","friendlyName":"Y phone Battery State","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_ssid_2","state":"Not Connected","friendlyName":"Y phone SSID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_bssid_2","state":"Not Connected","friendlyName":"Y phone BSSID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_connection_type_2","state":"Wi-Fi","friendlyName":"Y phone Connection Type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_sim_1_2","state":"--","friendlyName":"Y phone SIM 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_sim_2_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Y phone SIM 2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_last_update_trigger_2","state":"Background Fetch","friendlyName":"Y phone Last Update Trigger","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_app_version_2","state":"2026.4.0","friendlyName":"Y phone App Version","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_audio_output_2","state":"Built-in Speaker","friendlyName":"Y phone Audio Output","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_location_permission_2","state":"Authorized when in use","friendlyName":"Y phone Location permission","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_geocoded_location_2","state":"Almost Home","friendlyName":"Y phone Geocoded Location","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.y_phone_focus","state":"off","friendlyName":"Y phone Focus","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.y_phone_2","state":"Home","friendlyName":"Y phone","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_floors_ascended","state":"0","friendlyName":"Y phone Floors Ascended","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_activity","state":"Unknown","friendlyName":"Y phone Activity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Y phone Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_battery_state","state":"Not Charging","friendlyName":"Y phone Battery State","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_floors_descended","state":"0","friendlyName":"Y phone Floors Descended","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_storage","state":"37.63","friendlyName":"Y phone Storage","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_steps","state":"0","friendlyName":"Y phone Steps","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_app_version","state":"2024.9.4","friendlyName":"Y phone App Version","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_ssid","state":"Not Connected","friendlyName":"Y phone SSID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_bssid","state":"Not Connected","friendlyName":"Y phone BSSID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_last_update_trigger","state":"Periodic","friendlyName":"Y phone Last Update Trigger","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_sim_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Y phone SIM 2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_sim_1","state":"--","friendlyName":"Y phone SIM 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"Y phone Battery Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_connection_type","state":"Wi-Fi","friendlyName":"Y phone Connection Type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_location_permission","state":"Authorized when in use","friendlyName":"Y phone Location permission","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_geocoded_location","state":"Almost Home","friendlyName":"Y phone Geocoded Location","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.y_phone_average_active_pace","state":"1","friendlyName":"Y phone Average Active Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_entrance_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_battery_level_2","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_battery_state_2","state":"full","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_entrance_charger_type_2","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet - Entrance Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_hallway_new","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway New","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_new_battery_level","state":"2","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway New Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_new_battery_state","state":"discharging","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway New Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_new_charger_type","state":"none","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway New Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_11","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet LR11","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_lr11_battery_level","state":"97","friendlyName":"Tablet LR11 Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_lr11_battery_state","state":"not_charging","friendlyName":"Tablet LR11 Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_lr11_charger_type","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet LR11 Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.fire_tablet_king_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - King2","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_king_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - King Tablet - King Battery Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_king_battery_state","state":"full","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - King Tablet - King Battery State","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_king_charger_type","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - King Tablet - King Charger Type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_living_room","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_kitchen_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_kitchen_battery_state","state":"full","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_kitchen_charger_type","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.iphone","state":"Home","friendlyName":"iPhone","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_sim_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iPhone SIM 1","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"iPhone Battery Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_battery_state","state":"Full","friendlyName":"iPhone Battery State","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_storage","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iPhone Storage","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_sim_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iPhone SIM 2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_ssid","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iPhone SSID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_geocoded_location","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iPhone Geocoded Location","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_bssid","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iPhone BSSID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_last_update_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iPhone Last Update Trigger","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_connection_type","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iPhone Connection Type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_app_version","state":"2026.4.0","friendlyName":"iPhone App Version","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_location_permission","state":"Authorized Always","friendlyName":"iPhone Location permission","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.iphone_audio_output","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iPhone Audio Output","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_queen2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_queen_battery_level_2","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_queen_battery_state_2","state":"full","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_queen_charger_type_2","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_balcony","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_battery_state","state":"full","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_charger_type","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_catn","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Wall","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_wall_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Wall Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_wall_battery_state","state":"full","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Wall Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_wall_charger_type","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Wall Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.tablet_catn_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Arm","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_arm_battery_level","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Arm Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_arm_battery_state","state":"full","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Arm Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_arm_charger_type","state":"ac","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Arm Charger type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_battery","state":"100","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_bca0ad74_8329db40_browser_charging","state":"on","friendlyName":"Tablet - Kitchen Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_current_in_area","state":"0","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Current in area","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_entered_area","state":"0","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Entered area","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_exited_area","state":"0","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Exited area","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_most_tracked","state":"10","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Most tracked","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_arrivals_on_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport arrivals on time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_arrivals_delayed","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport arrivals delayed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_arrivals_delay_average","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport arrivals delay average","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_arrivals_delay_index","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport arrivals delay index","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_arrivals_canceled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport arrivals canceled","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_arrivals","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport arrivals","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_departures_on_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport departures on time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_departures_delayed","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport departures delayed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_departures_delay_average","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport departures delay average","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_departures_delay_index","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport departures delay index","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_departures_canceled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport departures canceled","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_airport_departures","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport departures","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.flightradar24_additional_tracked","state":"0","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Additional tracked","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.api_data_fetching","state":"on","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 API data fetching","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"text.flightradar24_add_to_track","state":"","friendlyName":"AC01","domain":"text"},{"entityId":"text.flightradar24_remove_from_track","state":"","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Remove from track","domain":"text"},{"entityId":"text.flightradar24_airport_track","state":"","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Airport track","domain":"text"},{"entityId":"button.clear_additional_tracked","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"FlightRadar24 Clear Additional tracked","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"media_player.tv_tv_kitchen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"TV - Cat WR [TV] TV - Kitchen","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"ai_task.openai_ai_task","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"OpenAI AI Task","domain":"ai_task"},{"entityId":"conversation.chatgpt","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Finn","domain":"conversation"},{"entityId":"stt.openai_stt","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"OpenAI STT","domain":"stt"},{"entityId":"tts.openai_tts","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"OpenAI TTS","domain":"tts"},{"entityId":"media_player.tv_tv_king","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"[TV] TV - King","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.tv_cat_screen","state":"idle","friendlyName":"TV - Kitchen [TV] Cat Screen","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.tv_living_room_70","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Hub - TV - Living Room (70) TV - Living Room (70)","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.hy300pro_7495","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HY300Pro-7495","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"todo.shopping_list","state":"13","friendlyName":"Shopping List","domain":"todo"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_device_info","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Device Info","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_date","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_elapsed_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_kcal","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_pace","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_speed","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_average_heartrate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Average Heartrate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_max_heartrate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Max Heartrate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_average_cadence","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Power","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_trophies","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_kudos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity_gear_name","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Gear Name","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_run_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Run Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_run_count","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Run Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_run_moving_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Run Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_run_elevation_gain","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Run Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_run_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Run Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_run_count","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Run Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_run_moving_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Run Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_run_elevation_gain","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Run Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_run_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Run Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_run_count","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Run Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_run_moving_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Run Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_run_elevation_gain","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Run Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_ride_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Ride Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_ride_count","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Ride Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_ride_moving_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Ride Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_ride_elevation_gain","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Ride Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_ride_distance","state":"11.52","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Ride Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_ride_count","state":"7","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Ride Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_ride_moving_time","state":"6037","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Ride Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_ride_elevation_gain","state":"67.8","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Ride Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_ride_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Ride Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_ride_count","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Ride Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_ride_moving_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Ride Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_ride_elevation_gain","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Ride Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_swim_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Swim Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_swim_count","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Swim Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_recent_swim_moving_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Recent Swim Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_swim_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Swim Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_swim_count","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Swim Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_all_swim_moving_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats All Swim Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_swim_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Swim Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_swim_count","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Swim Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_ytd_swim_moving_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Ytd Swim Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_biggest_ride_distance","state":"4.21","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Biggest Ride Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_stats_biggest_climb_elevation_gain","state":"9.6","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Stats Biggest Climb Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_unknown_photos","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"button.refresh_activity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity Refresh Activity","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_current_condition","state":"Partly Cloudy","friendlyName":"Toronto Current condition","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_dew_point","state":"8.4","friendlyName":"Toronto Dew point","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_high_temperature","state":"19","friendlyName":"Toronto High temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_humidex","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Toronto Humidex","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_humidity","state":"84","friendlyName":"Toronto Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_icon_code","state":"32","friendlyName":"Toronto Icon code","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_low_temperature","state":"5","friendlyName":"Toronto Low temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_normal_high_temperature","state":"13","friendlyName":"Toronto Normal high temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_normal_low_temperature","state":"4","friendlyName":"Toronto Normal low temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_chance_of_precipitation","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Toronto Chance of precipitation","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_barometric_pressure","state":"101.5","friendlyName":"Toronto Barometric pressure","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_temperature","state":"11.0","friendlyName":"Toronto Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_tendency","state":"Falling","friendlyName":"Toronto Tendency","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_summary","state":"Tonight. Clear. Becoming partly cloudy this evening. Fog patches dissipating this evening and developing overnight. Low plus 5.","friendlyName":"Toronto Summary","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_observation_time","state":"2026-04-18T02:01:20+00:00","friendlyName":"Toronto Observation time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_uv_index","state":"3","friendlyName":"Toronto UV index","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_visibility","state":"24.1","friendlyName":"Toronto Visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_wind_bearing","state":"139","friendlyName":"Toronto Wind bearing","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_wind_chill","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Toronto Wind chill","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_wind_direction","state":"SE","friendlyName":"Toronto Wind direction","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_wind_gust","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Toronto Wind gust","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_wind_speed","state":"6","friendlyName":"Toronto Wind speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_advisory","state":"1","friendlyName":"Toronto Advisories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_endings","state":"0","friendlyName":"Toronto Endings","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_statements","state":"1","friendlyName":"Toronto Statements","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_warnings","state":"0","friendlyName":"Toronto Warnings","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_watches","state":"0","friendlyName":"Toronto Watches","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_aqhi","state":"3.2","friendlyName":"Toronto AQHI","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"weather.toronto_forecast","state":"partlycloudy","friendlyName":"Toronto Forecast","domain":"weather"},{"entityId":"ai_task.google_ai_task","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Google AI Task","domain":"ai_task"},{"entityId":"conversation.google_generative_ai","state":"2026-04-07T07:33:22.539603+00:00","friendlyName":"Google Generative AI","domain":"conversation"},{"entityId":"stt.google_ai_stt","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Google AI STT","domain":"stt"},{"entityId":"tts.google_ai_tts","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Google AI TTS","domain":"tts"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.bryn_alarm_timer","state":"on","friendlyName":"Bryn Alarm Timer","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_weather","state":"overcast clouds","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Weather","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_dew_point","state":"10.21","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Dew point temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_temperature","state":"13.21","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_feels_like_temperature","state":"12.73","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Apparent temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_wind_speed","state":"7.488","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Wind speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_wind_gust","state":"14.04","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Wind gust speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_wind_bearing","state":"105","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Wind direction","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_humidity","state":"82","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_pressure","state":"1014","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Pressure","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_cloud_coverage","state":"95","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Cloud coverage","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_rain","state":"0","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Rain intensity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_snow","state":"0","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Snow intensity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_precipitation_kind","state":"None","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Precipitation kind","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_uv_index","state":"0","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap UV index","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_visibility","state":"10000","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_condition","state":"cloudy","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Condition","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_weather_code","state":"804","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Weather code","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"weather.openweathermap","state":"cloudy","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap","domain":"weather"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.morning_routine","state":"off","friendlyName":"Morning Routine","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.daily_chores","state":"off","friendlyName":"Daily Chores","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.bedtime_routine","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bedtime Routine","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.sun_sensor","state":"off","friendlyName":"Sun Sensor","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.xerox_r_c230_color_printer_black","state":"100","friendlyName":"Xerox(R) C230 Color Printer Black","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.xerox_r_c230_color_printer_cyan","state":"0","friendlyName":"Xerox(R) C230 Color Printer Cyan","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.xerox_r_c230_color_printer_magenta","state":"0","friendlyName":"Xerox(R) C230 Color Printer Magenta","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.xerox_r_c230_color_printer_yellow","state":"0","friendlyName":"Xerox(R) C230 Color Printer Yellow","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.usb_controller_status","state":"ready","friendlyName":"USB Controller Status","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"update.usb_controller_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"USB Controller Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"sensor.uptime","state":"2026-04-17T01:42:46+00:00","friendlyName":"Uptime","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"weather.almost_home","state":"partlycloudy","friendlyName":"Almost Home","domain":"weather"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_local_observation_time","state":"2026-04-17T22:17:07-0400","friendlyName":"Almost Home Local Observation Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_weather_description","state":"Partly Cloudy","friendlyName":"Almost Home Weather Description","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_relative_humidity","state":"62","friendlyName":"Almost Home Relative Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_uv_index","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home UV Index","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_wind_direction_degrees","state":"80","friendlyName":"Almost Home Wind Direction - Degrees","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_wind_direction_cardinal","state":"E","friendlyName":"Almost Home Wind Direction - Cardinal","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_dewpoint","state":"7","friendlyName":"Almost Home Dewpoint","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_temperature_feels_like","state":"14","friendlyName":"Almost Home Temperature - Feels Like","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_temperature","state":"14","friendlyName":"Almost Home Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_heat_index","state":"14","friendlyName":"Almost Home Heat Index","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_wind_chill","state":"14","friendlyName":"Almost Home Wind Chill","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_precipitation_last_hour","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home Precipitation - Last hour","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_precipitation_last_6_hours","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home Precipitation - Last 6 hours","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_precipitation_last_24_hours","state":"1.27","friendlyName":"Almost Home Precipitation - Last 24 hours","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_pressure","state":"1015.58","friendlyName":"Almost Home Pressure","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_wind_gust","state":"11","friendlyName":"Almost Home Wind Gust","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_wind_speed","state":"11","friendlyName":"Almost Home Wind Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_cloud_ceiling","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home Cloud Ceiling","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_pressure_tendency_trend","state":"Falling","friendlyName":"Almost Home Pressure Tendency Trend","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_cloud_cover_phrase","state":"Partly Cloudy","friendlyName":"Almost Home Cloud Cover Phrase","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_latitude","state":"43.6709700100691","friendlyName":"Almost Home Latitude","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_longitude","state":"-79.3771621584892","friendlyName":"Almost Home Longitude","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.node_4_node_status","state":"alive","friendlyName":"Lock - Cat Node status","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"button.node_4_ping","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Lock - Cat Ping","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"sensor.node_4_last_seen","state":"2026-04-18T02:27:48+00:00","friendlyName":"Lock - Cat Last seen","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"lock.lock_cat","state":"unlocked","friendlyName":"Lock - Cat","domain":"lock"},{"entityId":"select.lock_cat_current_lock_mode","state":"Unsecured","friendlyName":"Lock - Cat Current lock mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.lock_cat_current_status_of_the_door","state":"off","friendlyName":"Lock - Cat Current status of the door","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lock_cat_battery_level","state":"100.0","friendlyName":"Lock - Cat Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"number.lock_cat_indicator_value","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Lock - Cat Indicator value","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"button.lock_cat_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Lock - Cat Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"update.lock_cat_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Lock - Cat Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fan_cat_new_status","state":"on","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat New Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fan_cat_port_1_status","state":"on","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fan_cat_port_1_state","state":"on","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 State","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.new_device_port_2_status","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_state","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 State","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.new_device_port_3_status","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_state","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 State","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.new_device_port_4_status","state":"on","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_state","state":"on","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 State","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_new_temperature","state":"27.38","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat New Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_new_humidity","state":"58.27","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat New Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_new_vpd","state":"1.52","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat New VPD","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_port_1_current_power","state":"10","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Current Power","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_port_1_remaining_time_2","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Remaining Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_port_1_next_state_change","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Next State Change","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.new_device_port_2_current_power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Current Power","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_remaining_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Remaining Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_next_state_change","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Next State Change","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.new_device_port_3_current_power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Current Power","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_remaining_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Remaining Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_next_state_change","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Next State Change","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.new_device_port_4_current_power","state":"10","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Current Power","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_remaining_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Remaining Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_next_state_change","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Next State Change","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_new_outside_temperature","state":"Lower","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat New Outside Temperature","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_new_outside_humidity","state":"Neutral","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat New Outside Humidity","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_port_1_active_mode","state":"On","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Active Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_port_1_auto_settings_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Auto Settings Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_port_1_vpd_settings_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 VPD Settings Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_port_1_device_type","state":"No Device Type","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Device Type","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_port_1_dynamic_response","state":"Transition","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Dynamic Response","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.new_device_port_2_active_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Active Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_auto_settings_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Auto Settings Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_vpd_settings_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 VPD Settings Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_device_type","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Device Type","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_dynamic_response","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Dynamic Response","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.new_device_port_3_active_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Active Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_auto_settings_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Auto Settings Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_vpd_settings_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 VPD Settings Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_device_type","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Device Type","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_dynamic_response","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Dynamic Response","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.new_device_port_4_active_mode","state":"On","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Active Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_auto_settings_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Auto Settings Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_vpd_settings_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 VPD Settings Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_device_type","state":"No Device Type","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Device Type","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_dynamic_response","state":"Transition","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Dynamic Response","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_new_temperature_calibration","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat New Temperature Calibration","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_new_humidity_calibration","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat New Humidity Calibration","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_new_vpd_leaf_temperature_offset","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat New VPD Leaf Temperature Offset","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_on_power","state":"10","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 On Power","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_off_power","state":"10","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Off Power","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_timer_minutes_to_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Timer Minutes to On","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_timer_minutes_to_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Timer Minutes to Off","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_cycle_minutes_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Cycle Minutes On","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_cycle_minutes_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Cycle Minutes Off","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_vpd_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 VPD Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_vpd_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 VPD High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_target_vpd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Target VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_humidity_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Humidity Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_humidity_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Humidity High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_target_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Target Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_temperature_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Temperature Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_temperature_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Temperature High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_target_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Target Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_transition_temperature","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Transition Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_transition_humidity","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Transition Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_transition_vpd","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Transition VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_buffer_temperature","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Buffer Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_buffer_humidity","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Buffer Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_buffer_vpd","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Buffer VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_port_1_sunrise_sunset_minutes","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Sunrise/Sunset Minutes","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_on_power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 On Power","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_off_power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Off Power","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_timer_minutes_to_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Timer Minutes to On","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_timer_minutes_to_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Timer Minutes to Off","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_cycle_minutes_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Cycle Minutes On","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_cycle_minutes_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Cycle Minutes Off","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_vpd_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 VPD Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_vpd_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 VPD High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_target_vpd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Target VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_humidity_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Humidity Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_humidity_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Humidity High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_target_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Target Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_temperature_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Temperature Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_2_temperature_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Temperature High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_target_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Target Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_transition_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Transition Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_transition_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Transition Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_transition_vpd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Transition VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_buffer_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Buffer Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_buffer_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Buffer Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_buffer_vpd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Buffer VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_sunrise_sunset_minutes","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Sunrise/Sunset Minutes","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_on_power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 On Power","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_off_power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Off Power","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_timer_minutes_to_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Timer Minutes to On","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_timer_minutes_to_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Timer Minutes to Off","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_cycle_minutes_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Cycle Minutes On","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_cycle_minutes_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Cycle Minutes Off","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_vpd_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 VPD Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_vpd_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 VPD High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_target_vpd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Target VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_humidity_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Humidity Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_humidity_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Humidity High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_target_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Target Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_temperature_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Temperature Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_3_temperature_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Temperature High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_target_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Target Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_transition_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Transition Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_transition_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Transition Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_transition_vpd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Transition VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_buffer_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Buffer Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_buffer_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Buffer Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_buffer_vpd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Buffer VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_sunrise_sunset_minutes","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Sunrise/Sunset Minutes","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_on_power","state":"10","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 On Power","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_off_power","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Off Power","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_timer_minutes_to_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Timer Minutes to On","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_timer_minutes_to_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Timer Minutes to Off","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_cycle_minutes_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Cycle Minutes On","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_cycle_minutes_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Cycle Minutes Off","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_vpd_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 VPD Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_vpd_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 VPD High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_target_vpd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Target VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_humidity_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Humidity Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_humidity_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Humidity High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_target_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Target Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_temperature_low_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Temperature Low Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.new_device_port_4_temperature_high_trigger","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Temperature High Trigger","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_target_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Target Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_transition_temperature","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Transition Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_transition_humidity","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Transition Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_transition_vpd","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Transition VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_buffer_temperature","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Buffer Temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_buffer_humidity","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Buffer Humidity","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_buffer_vpd","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Buffer VPD","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_sunrise_sunset_minutes","state":"0","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Sunrise/Sunset Minutes","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"time.fan_cat_port_1_scheduled_on_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Scheduled On-Time","domain":"time"},{"entityId":"time.fan_cat_port_1_scheduled_off_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Scheduled Off-Time","domain":"time"},{"entityId":"time.new_device_port_2_scheduled_on_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Scheduled On-Time","domain":"time"},{"entityId":"time.new_device_port_2_scheduled_off_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Scheduled Off-Time","domain":"time"},{"entityId":"time.new_device_port_3_scheduled_on_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Scheduled On-Time","domain":"time"},{"entityId":"time.new_device_port_3_scheduled_off_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Scheduled Off-Time","domain":"time"},{"entityId":"time.new_device_port_4_scheduled_on_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Scheduled On-Time","domain":"time"},{"entityId":"time.new_device_port_4_scheduled_off_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Scheduled Off-Time","domain":"time"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_vpd_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 VPD High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_vpd_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 VPD Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_target_vpd_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Target VPD Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_temperature_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Temperature High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_temperature_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Temperature Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_target_temperature_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Target Temperature Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_humidity_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Humidity High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_humidity_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Humidity Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_target_humidity_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Target Humidity Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_scheduled_on_time_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Scheduled On-Time Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_scheduled_off_time_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Scheduled Off-Time Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_port_1_sunrise_sunset_enabled","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Port 1 Sunrise/Sunset Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_2_vpd_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 VPD High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_2_vpd_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 VPD Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_target_vpd_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Target VPD Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_2_temperature_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Temperature High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_2_temperature_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Temperature Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_target_temperature_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Target Temperature Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_2_humidity_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Humidity High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_2_humidity_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Humidity Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_target_humidity_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Target Humidity Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_2_scheduled_on_time_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Scheduled On-Time Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_2_scheduled_off_time_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Scheduled Off-Time Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_2_sunrise_sunset_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 2 Sunrise/Sunset Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_3_vpd_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 VPD High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_3_vpd_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 VPD Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_target_vpd_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Target VPD Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_3_temperature_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Temperature High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_3_temperature_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Temperature Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_target_temperature_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Target Temperature Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_3_humidity_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Humidity High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_3_humidity_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Humidity Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_target_humidity_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Target Humidity Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_3_scheduled_on_time_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Scheduled On-Time Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_3_scheduled_off_time_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Scheduled Off-Time Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_3_sunrise_sunset_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 3 Sunrise/Sunset Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_4_vpd_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 VPD High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_4_vpd_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 VPD Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_target_vpd_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Target VPD Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_4_temperature_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Temperature High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_4_temperature_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Temperature Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_target_temperature_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Target Temperature Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_4_humidity_high_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Humidity High Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_4_humidity_low_trigger_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Humidity Low Trigger Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_target_humidity_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Target Humidity Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_4_scheduled_on_time_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Scheduled On-Time Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.new_device_port_4_scheduled_off_time_enabled","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Scheduled Off-Time Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_smart_port_4_sunrise_sunset_enabled","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat WR Smart Port 4 Sunrise/Sunset Enabled","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_device_sn","state":"AF060131D7A371UN2","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Device SN","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_mac_address","state":"E0:09:BF:06:00:BF","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal MAC Address","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_wi_fi_ssid","state":"Airbus420iot5G","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Wi-Fi SSID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_wi_fi_signal_strength","state":"-35","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Wi-Fi Signal Strength","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_desiccant_remaining_days","state":"-297.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Desiccant Remaining Days","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_battery_level","state":"low","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Battery Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_battery_ac","state":"0","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Battery / AC %","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_today_s_feeding_plan","state":"On","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Today's Feeding Plan","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_today_s_feeding_quantity_weight","state":"70.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Today's Feeding Quantity (Weight)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_today_s_feeding_quantity_volume","state":"140.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Today's Feeding Quantity (Volume)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_today_s_feeding_times","state":"3","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Today's Feeding Times","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_today_s_eating_times","state":"18","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Today's Eating Times","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_today_s_total_eating_time","state":"2217","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Today's Total Eating Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_last_feed_time","state":"2026-04-17T22:30:14+00:00","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Last Feed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_last_feed_quantity_weight","state":"30.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Last Feed Quantity (Weight)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_last_feed_quantity_volume","state":"60.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Last Feed Quantity (Volume)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_next_feed_time","state":"2026-04-18T10:00:00+00:00","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Next Feed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_next_feed_quantity_weight","state":"20.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Next Feed Quantity (Weight)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_next_feed_quantity_volume","state":"40.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Next Feed Quantity (Volume)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_display_value","state":"Displaying Text: HELLO","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Display Value","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_device_sn","state":"AF060138AE381BFUL","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Device SN","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_mac_address","state":"E0:09:BF:05:9B:6D","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly MAC Address","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_wi_fi_ssid","state":"Airbus420iot5G","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Wi-Fi SSID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_wi_fi_signal_strength","state":"-35","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Wi-Fi Signal Strength","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_desiccant_remaining_days","state":"-292.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Desiccant Remaining Days","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_battery_level","state":"low","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Battery Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_battery_ac","state":"0","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Battery / AC %","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_today_s_feeding_plan","state":"On","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Today's Feeding Plan","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_today_s_feeding_quantity_weight","state":"80.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Today's Feeding Quantity (Weight)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_today_s_feeding_quantity_volume","state":"160.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Today's Feeding Quantity (Volume)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_today_s_feeding_times","state":"3","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Today's Feeding Times","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_today_s_eating_times","state":"0","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Today's Eating Times","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_today_s_total_eating_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Today's Total Eating Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_last_feed_time","state":"2026-04-17T23:30:13+00:00","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Last Feed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_last_feed_quantity_weight","state":"30.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Last Feed Quantity (Weight)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_last_feed_quantity_volume","state":"60.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Last Feed Quantity (Volume)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_next_feed_time","state":"2026-04-18T07:30:00+00:00","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Next Feed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_next_feed_quantity_weight","state":"30.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Next Feed Quantity (Weight)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_next_feed_quantity_volume","state":"60.0","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Next Feed Quantity (Volume)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_display_value","state":"Displaying Text: HELLO","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Display Value","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.petlibro_bkh416604_gmail_com","state":"bkh416604@gmail.com","friendlyName":"Petlibro (bkh416604@gmail.com)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_lr_rascal_manual_feed","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Manual Feed","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_lr_rascal_enable_feeding_plan","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Enable Feeding Plan","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_lr_rascal_disable_feeding_plan","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Disable Feeding Plan","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_lr_rascal_manually_open_lid","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Manually Open Lid","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_lr_rascal_turn_on_display","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Turn On Display","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_lr_rascal_turn_off_display","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Turn Off Display","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_lr_rascal_turn_on_sound","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Turn On Sound","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_lr_rascal_turn_off_sound","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Turn Off Sound","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_lr_rascal_desiccant_replaced","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Desiccant Reset","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_hallway_firefly_manual_feed","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Manual Feed","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_hallway_firefly_enable_feeding_plan","state":"2025-06-18T21:16:19.946515+00:00","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Enable Feeding Plan","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_hallway_firefly_disable_feeding_plan","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Disable Feeding Plan","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_hallway_firefly_manually_open_lid","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Manually Open Lid","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_hallway_firefly_turn_on_display","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Turn On Display","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_hallway_firefly_turn_off_display","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Turn Off Display","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_hallway_firefly_turn_on_sound","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Turn On Sound","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_hallway_firefly_turn_off_sound","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Turn Off Sound","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.feeder_hallway_firefly_desiccant_replaced","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Desiccant Reset","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_lid","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Lid","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_food_dispenser","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Food Dispenser","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_lid_status","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Lid Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_food_status","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Food Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_wi_fi","state":"on","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Wi-Fi","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_sleep_mode","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Sleep Mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_battery_status","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Battery Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_sound_status","state":"on","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Sound Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_buttons_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Buttons Lock","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_display_status","state":"on","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Display Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_lid","state":"on","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Lid","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_food_dispenser","state":"on","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Food Dispenser","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_lid_status","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Lid Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_food_status","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Food Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_wi_fi","state":"on","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Wi-Fi","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_sleep_mode","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Sleep Mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_battery_status","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Battery Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_sound_status","state":"on","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Sound Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_buttons_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Buttons Lock","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_display_status","state":"on","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Display Status","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"number.feeder_lr_rascal_desiccant_cycle","state":"14","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Desiccant Cycle","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.feeder_lr_rascal_volume_level","state":"33","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Volume Level","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.feeder_lr_rascal_lid_close_time","state":"1","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Lid Close Time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.feeder_hallway_firefly_desiccant_cycle","state":"14","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Desiccant Cycle","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.feeder_hallway_firefly_volume_level","state":"50","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Volume Level","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.feeder_hallway_firefly_lid_close_time","state":"1","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Lid Close Time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"select.feeder_lr_rascal_manual_feed_quantity","state":"¹/₁₂","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Manual Feed Quantity","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.feeder_lr_rascal_lid_speed","state":"Fast","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Lid Speed","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.feeder_lr_rascal_lid_mode","state":"Personal Mode (Opens on Detection)","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Lid Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.feeder_lr_rascal_icon_on_display","state":"Cat","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Icon on Display","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.feeder_hallway_firefly_manual_feed_quantity","state":"¹/₁₂","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Manual Feed Quantity","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.feeder_hallway_firefly_lid_speed","state":"Fast","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Lid Speed","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.feeder_hallway_firefly_lid_mode","state":"Open Mode (Stays Open Until Closed)","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Lid Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.feeder_hallway_firefly_icon_on_display","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Icon on Display","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"text.feeder_lr_rascal_text_on_display","state":"HELLO","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Text on Display","domain":"text"},{"entityId":"text.feeder_hallway_firefly_text_on_display","state":"HELLO","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Text on Display","domain":"text"},{"entityId":"update.feeder_lr_rascal_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - LR Rascal Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.feeder_hallway_firefly_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feeder - Hallway Firefly Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"media_player.bathroom_speaker","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bathroom speaker","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.fire_tv_172_24_0_88","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Fire TV 172.24.0.88","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"remote.fire_tv_172_24_0_88","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire TV 172.24.0.88","domain":"remote"},{"entityId":"calendar.byhome","state":"off","friendlyName":"BYHome","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"media_player.tv_kitchen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"TV - Kitchen","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"remote.tv_kitchen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"TV - Kitchen","domain":"remote"},{"entityId":"calendar.yasu","state":"off","friendlyName":"Yasu","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"calendar.bryn_calendar","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bryn Calendar","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"number.rascal_set_weight","state":"6.8","friendlyName":"Rascal Set weight","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.firefly_set_weight","state":"6.4","friendlyName":"Firefly Set weight","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.kuro_set_weight","state":"3.9","friendlyName":"Kuro Set weight","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.haru_set_weight","state":"7.9","friendlyName":"Haru Set weight","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"fan.king_room_f9e7c0","state":"off","friendlyName":"King Room:f9e7c0 SmartCocoon Fan - King Room:f9e7c0","domain":"fan"},{"entityId":"update.petlibro_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"PETLIBRO Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.slider_entity_row_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"slider-entity-row Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.maxi_media_player_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Maxi Media Player Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.nspanel_lovelace_ui_backend_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"NSPanel Lovelace UI Backend Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.linksys_velop_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Linksys Velop Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.tuya_ble_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tuya BLE Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.o365_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"O365 Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.climate_thermostat_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Climate thermostat card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.header_cards_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Header Cards Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.tuya_sensors_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tuya Sensors Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.ha_lovelace_card_weather_conditions_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"HA (Lovelace) Card Weather Conditions Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.curtain_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Curtain Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.button_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"button-card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.ics_calendar_icalendar_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"ICS Calendar (iCalendar) Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.spotify_lovelace_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Spotify Lovelace Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.bubble_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bubble Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.timer_bar_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Timer Bar Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.vertical_slider_cover_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Vertical Slider Cover Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.kibibit_frosted_cards_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"kibibit Frosted Cards Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.mushroom_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Mushroom Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.state_switch_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"state-switch Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.climacell_weather_provider_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"ClimaCell Weather Provider Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.my_cards_bundle_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"My Cards Bundle Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.weather_com_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Weather.com Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.week_planner_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Week planner card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.weather_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Weather Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.vacuum_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Vacuum Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.lovelace_gen_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"lovelace_gen Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.flightradar24_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Flightradar24 Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.passive_ble_monitor_integration_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Passive BLE monitor integration Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.airbnk_lock_cloud_based_integration_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Airbnk lock cloud-based integration Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.google_dark_theme_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Google Dark Theme Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.flexible_horseshoe_card_for_lovelace_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Flexible Horseshoe Card for Lovelace Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.petkit_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"PetKit Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.smartcocoon_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"SmartCocoon Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.config_check_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Config Check Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.expander_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"expander-card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.fullscreen_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fullscreen Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.daily_schedule_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Daily Schedule Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.strava_unofficial_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Strava (Unofficial) Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.dark_thermostat_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Dark Thermostat Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.spotcast_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Spotcast Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.honeycomb_menu_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Honeycomb Menu Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.icloud3_v3_idevice_tracker_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"iCloud3 v3 iDevice Tracker Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.revogi_petoneer_water_fountain_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Revogi Petoneer Water Fountain Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.toggle_control_button_row_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Toggle Control Button Row Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.lepro_led_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Lepro LED Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.battery_state_card_entity_row_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Battery State Card / Entity Row Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.auto_entities_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"auto-entities Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.aqara_motion_sensors_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Aqara Motion Sensors Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.datetime_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Datetime Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.interactive_image_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Interactive image card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.oralb_ble_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"OralB_ble Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.light_entity_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Entity Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.multizone_controller_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Multizone Controller Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.flipdown_timer_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Flipdown Timer Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.entity_controller_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Entity Controller Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.cover_icon_element_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Cover Icon Element Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.slider_button_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Slider Button Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.custom_features_for_home_assistant_cards_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Custom Features for Home Assistant Cards Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.ios_themes_dark_mode_and_light_mode_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"iOS Themes - Dark Mode and Light Mode Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.auto_reload_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Auto Reload Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.your_ha_digital_twin_floor3d_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Your HA Digital Twin floor3d-card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.music_assistant_update_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Music Assistant Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.office_365_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Office 365 Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.gauge_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"gauge-card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.auto_backup_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Auto Backup Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.ui_lovelace_minimalist_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"UI Lovelace Minimalist Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.kanji_clock_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Kanji Clock Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.blind_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Blind Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.kiosk_mode_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Kiosk Mode Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.govee_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"govee Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.clock_weather_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Clock Weather Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.paper_buttons_row_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Paper Buttons Row Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.lovelace_html_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Lovelace Html Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.eufy_security_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Eufy Security Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.scheduler_component_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Scheduler component Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.media_player_template_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Media player template Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.lovelace_home_feed_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Lovelace Home Feed Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.tapo_controller_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tapo Controller Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.hacs_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"HACS Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.xiaomi_cloud_map_extractor_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Xiaomi Cloud Map Extractor Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.weather_chart_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Weather Chart Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.config_template_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Config Template Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.swipe_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Swipe Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.vertical_stack_in_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Vertical Stack In Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.battery_entity_row_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Battery Entity Row Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.custom_sidebar_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Custom Sidebar Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.simple_weather_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Simple Weather Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.layout_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"layout-card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.sonoff_lan_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Sonoff LAN Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.smartthinq_lge_sensors_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"SmartThinQ LGE Sensors Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.local_tuya_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Local Tuya Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.samsungtv_smart_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"SamsungTV Smart Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.scheduler_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Scheduler Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.list_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"List Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.frigate_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Frigate Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.cover_element_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Cover Element Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.tabbed_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tabbed Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.alexa_media_player_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Alexa Media Player Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.spotifyplus_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"SpotifyPlus Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.hui_element_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"hui-element Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.multiple_entity_row_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Multiple Entity Row Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.node_red_companion_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Node-RED Companion Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.home_assistant_swipe_navigation_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Swipe Navigation Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.ac_infinity_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"AC Infinity Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.time_picker_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Time Picker Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.places_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Places Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.card_mod_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"card-mod Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.stack_in_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stack In Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.simple_thermostat_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Simple Thermostat Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.mini_graph_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"mini-graph-card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.garmin_connect_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Garmin Connect Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.feedparser_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feedparser Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.adaptive_lighting_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Adaptive Lighting Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.govee_lan_control_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Govee LAN Control Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.digital_clock_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Digital Clock Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.canvas_gauge_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Canvas Gauge Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.shutter_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Shutter Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.fitbit_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fitbit Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.radial_menu_element_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Radial Menu Element Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.platinum_weather_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Platinum Weather Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.gcclock_words_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"gcClock Words Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.frigate_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Advanced Camera Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.tapo_cameras_control_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tapo: Cameras Control Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.mini_media_player_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Mini Media Player Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.webrtc_camera_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"WebRTC Camera Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.simple_vacuum_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Simple Vacuum Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.fold_entity_row_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"fold-entity-row Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.ha_floorplan_your_imagination_just_became_the_new_limit_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"ha-floorplan 🖌🎨 | Your imagination (almost) defines the limits Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.atomic_calendar_revive_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Atomic Calendar Revive Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.xiaomi_vacuum_map_card_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Xiaomi Vacuum Map Card Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.clear_theme_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"Clear Theme Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.samsungtv_tizen_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"SamsungTV Tizen Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.browser_mod_update","state":"off","friendlyName":"browser_mod Update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"remote.hub_tv_living_room_70","state":"off","friendlyName":"Hub - TV - Living Room (70)","domain":"remote"},{"entityId":"media_player.tv_king","state":"off","friendlyName":"TV - King","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"remote.tv_king","state":"off","friendlyName":"TV - King","domain":"remote"},{"entityId":"media_player.tv_cat_wr","state":"off","friendlyName":"TV - Cat WR","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"remote.tv_cat_wr","state":"off","friendlyName":"TV - Cat WR","domain":"remote"},{"entityId":"media_player.living_room_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Living Room","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"remote.living_room","state":"off","friendlyName":"Living Room","domain":"remote"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_nearest_device","state":"Yasu, BKH, Y phone, iPhone (8), Bryn Phone, Yasu Phone","friendlyName":"Almost Home Nearest device","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_nearest_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home Nearest distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_nearest_direction_of_travel","state":"arrived","friendlyName":"Almost Home Nearest direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yayayaya789_gmail_com_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home yayayaya789_gmail_com distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasu_distance_2","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home Yasu distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_y_phone_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home Y phone distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_y_phone_distance_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home y_phone distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_y_phone_app_distance","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Almost Home y_phone_app distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasuharus_apple_watch_distance_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home yasuharus_apple_watch distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_iphone_6_4_distance_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home iphone_6_4 distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_iphone_8_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home iPhone (8) distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bkh_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home BKH distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bryn_kai_hendricks_outlook_com_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home bryn_kai_hendricks_outlook_com distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bwatch_distance_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home bwatch distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bryn_phone_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home Bryn Phone distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasu_phone_distance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Almost Home Yasu Phone distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yayayaya789_gmail_com_direction_of_travel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home yayayaya789_gmail_com direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasu_direction_of_travel_2","state":"arrived","friendlyName":"Almost Home Yasu direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_y_phone_direction_of_travel","state":"arrived","friendlyName":"Almost Home Y phone direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_y_phone_direction_of_travel_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home y_phone direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_y_phone_app_direction_of_travel","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Almost Home y_phone_app direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasuharus_apple_watch_direction_of_travel_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home yasuharus_apple_watch direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_iphone_6_4_direction_of_travel_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home iphone_6_4 direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_iphone_8_direction_of_travel","state":"arrived","friendlyName":"Almost Home iPhone (8) direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bkh_direction_of_travel","state":"arrived","friendlyName":"Almost Home BKH direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bryn_kai_hendricks_outlook_com_direction_of_travel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home bryn_kai_hendricks_outlook_com direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bwatch_direction_of_travel_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Almost Home bwatch direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bryn_phone_direction_of_travel","state":"arrived","friendlyName":"Almost Home Bryn Phone direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasu_phone_direction_of_travel","state":"arrived","friendlyName":"Almost Home Yasu Phone direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"media_player.homepod_king","state":"off","friendlyName":"HomePod - King","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"remote.homepod_king","state":"off","friendlyName":"HomePod - King","domain":"remote"},{"entityId":"sensor.xerox_r_c230_color_printer","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Xerox(R) C230 Color Printer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.plug_king_fountain_cloud_connection","state":"on","friendlyName":"Plug - King Fountain Cloud connection","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_tp3","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - King Fountain","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_tp3_led","state":"on","friendlyName":"Plug - King Fountain LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"media_player.du700d4357","state":"off","friendlyName":"TV - Living Room (70)","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fan_cat_cloud_connection","state":"on","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Cloud connection","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_wr_led","state":"on","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.camera_lr_cat_water_signal_level","state":"4","friendlyName":"Camera - LR Cat Water Signal level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_cat_water_baby_cry_detection","state":"off","friendlyName":"Camera - LR Cat Water Baby cry detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_cat_water","state":"on","friendlyName":"Camera - LR Cat Water","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_cat_water_led","state":"on","friendlyName":"Camera - LR Cat Water LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_cat_water_motion_detection","state":"on","friendlyName":"Camera - LR Cat Water Motion detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_cat_water_person_detection","state":"off","friendlyName":"Camera - LR Cat Water Person detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_cat_water_tamper_detection","state":"off","friendlyName":"Camera - LR Cat Water Tamper detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"select.ha_voice_king_assistant","state":"Home Assistant Cloud","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Assistant","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.ha_voice_king_assistant_2","state":"preferred","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Assistant 2","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.ha_voice_king_finished_speaking_detection","state":"relaxed","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Finished speaking detection","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.ha_voice_king_wake_word","state":"Okay Nabu","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Wake word","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.ha_voice_king_wake_word_2","state":"no_wake_word","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Wake word 2","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_09c5e9_wake_word_sensitivity","state":"Slightly sensitive","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Wake word sensitivity","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"event.ha_voice_king_button_press","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Button press","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"light.ha_voice_king_led_ring","state":"off","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King LED Ring","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"switch.ha_voice_king_mute","state":"off","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Mute","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.ha_voice_king_wake_sound","state":"on","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Wake sound","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"update.ha_voice_king_home_assistant_voice_09c5e9","state":"off","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"media_player.ha_voice_king_media_player","state":"idle","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Media Player","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_assistant","state":"Home Assistant Cloud","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Assistant","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_assistant_2","state":"preferred","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Assistant 2","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_finished_speaking_detection","state":"relaxed","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Finished speaking detection","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_wake_word","state":"Okay Nabu","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Wake word","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_wake_word_2","state":"no_wake_word","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Wake word 2","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_09bf19_wake_word_sensitivity","state":"Slightly sensitive","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Wake word sensitivity","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"event.home_assistant_voice_button_press","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Button press","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"light.home_assistant_voice_led_ring","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice LED Ring","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"switch.home_assistant_voice_mute","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Mute","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.home_assistant_voice_wake_sound","state":"on","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Wake sound","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"update.home_assistant_voice_home_assistant_voice_09bf19","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"button.home_assistant_voice_restart","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Restart","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"media_player.home_assistant_voice_media_player","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Media Player","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"select.ha_voice_lr_assistant","state":"Home Assistant Cloud","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR Assistant","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.ha_voice_lr_assistant_2","state":"preferred","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR Assistant 2","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.ha_voice_lr_finished_speaking_detection","state":"relaxed","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR Finished speaking detection","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.ha_voice_lr_wake_word","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR Wake word","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.ha_voice_lr_wake_word_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR Wake word 2","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_09c866_wake_word_sensitivity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR Wake word sensitivity","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"event.ha_voice_lr_button_press","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR Button press","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"light.ha_voice_lr_led_ring","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR LED Ring","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"update.ha_voice_lr_home_assistant_voice_09c866","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"switch.ha_voice_lr_mute","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR Mute","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.ha_voice_lr_wake_sound","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR Wake sound","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"media_player.ha_voice_lr_media_player","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HA Voice - LR Media Player","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097c38_assistant","state":"Home Assistant Cloud","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Assistant","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097c38_assistant_2","state":"preferred","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Assistant 2","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097c38_finished_speaking_detection","state":"relaxed","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Finished speaking detection","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097c38_wake_word","state":"Okay Nabu","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Wake word","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097c38_wake_word_2","state":"no_wake_word","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Wake word 2","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097c38_wake_word_sensitivity","state":"Slightly sensitive","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Wake word sensitivity","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"event.home_assistant_voice_097c38_button_press","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Button press","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"light.home_assistant_voice_097c38_led_ring","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 LED Ring","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"switch.home_assistant_voice_097c38_mute","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Mute","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.home_assistant_voice_097c38_wake_sound","state":"on","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Wake sound","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"update.home_assistant_voice_097c38_home_assistant_voice_097c38","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"media_player.home_assistant_voice_097c38_media_player","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Media Player","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_assistant","state":"Home Assistant Cloud","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Assistant","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_assistant_2","state":"preferred","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Assistant 2","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_finished_speaking_detection","state":"relaxed","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Finished speaking detection","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_wake_word","state":"Okay Nabu","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Wake word","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_wake_word_2","state":"no_wake_word","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Wake word 2","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_wake_word_sensitivity","state":"Slightly sensitive","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Wake word sensitivity","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"event.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_button_press","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Button press","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"light.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_led_ring","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f LED Ring","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"switch.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_mute","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Mute","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_wake_sound","state":"on","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Wake sound","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"update.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_home_assistant_voice_097d5f","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"media_player.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_media_player","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Media Player","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"button.light_queen_railway_led_bars_restart","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Railway LED Bars Restart","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_railway_led_bars","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Railway LED Bars","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"switch.light_queen_railway_led_bars_remote_access","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Railway LED Bars Remote Access","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.bedroom_battery","state":"100","friendlyName":"AirThings Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bedroom_humidity","state":"52.0","friendlyName":"AirThings Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bedroom_mold","state":"0.59","friendlyName":"AirThings Mold","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bedroom_temperature","state":"27.4","friendlyName":"AirThings Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bedroom_voc","state":"459.0","friendlyName":"AirThings VOC","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"cover.byhome_lockbox","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"BYHome Lockbox","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_relative_pressure","state":"996.95281571639","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph Relative pressure","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_daily_rain","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph Daily rain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_dew_point","state":"17.7775220651944","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph Dew point","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_feels_like","state":"25.8466666666667","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph Feels like","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_hourly_rain","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph Hourly rain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_humidity","state":"62","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_max_daily_gust","state":"160.9344","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph Max daily gust","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_temperature","state":"25.6111111111111","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_uv_index","state":"0","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph UV index","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_wind_gust","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph Wind gust","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.5_st_joseph_wind_speed","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"5 St. Joseph Wind speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.lg_dryer_remote_start_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Dryer Remote start","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.lg_washer_remote_start_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Remote start","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"event.lg_dryer_error","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Dryer Error","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"event.lg_dryer_notification","state":"2026-04-16T05:15:57.851+00:00","friendlyName":"Dryer Notification","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"event.lg_washer_error","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Error","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"event.lg_washer_notification","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Notification","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"number.lg_dryer_delay_ends_in","state":"0","friendlyName":"Dryer Delayed end","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.lg_washer_delay_starts_in","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Delayed start","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"select.lg_dryer_operation","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Dryer Operation","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.lg_washer_operation","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Operation","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_dryer_current_status","state":"power_off","friendlyName":"Dryer Current status","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_dryer_total_time","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Dryer Total time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_dryer_delay_ends_in","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Dryer Delayed end","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_dryer_remaining_time_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Dryer Remaining time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_washer_cycles","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Cycles","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_washer_current_status","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Current status","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_washer_total_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Total time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_washer_delay_starts_in","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Delayed start","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_washer_remaining_time_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Remaining time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.lg_dryer_power_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Dryer Power","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.lg_washer_power_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Washer Power","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"todo.home_assistant","state":"1","friendlyName":"Home Assistant","domain":"todo"},{"entityId":"sensor.byhome_lockbox_status","state":"Idle","friendlyName":"BYHome Lockbox Status","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"assist_satellite.home_assistant_voice_097c38_assist_satellite","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097c38 Assist satellite","domain":"assist_satellite"},{"entityId":"assist_satellite.home_assistant_voice_097d5f_assist_satellite","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice 097d5f Assist satellite","domain":"assist_satellite"},{"entityId":"assist_satellite.ha_voice_king_assist_satellite","state":"idle","friendlyName":"HA Voice - King Assist satellite","domain":"assist_satellite"},{"entityId":"assist_satellite.home_assistant_voice_assist_satellite","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Voice Assist satellite","domain":"assist_satellite"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_bryn_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Bryn Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_bryn_sector","state":"no_sector","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Bryn Sector","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_bryn_number_of_sectors","state":"0","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Bryn Number of sectors","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_bryn_sector_timer","state":"0","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Bryn Sector timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_bryn_toothbrush_state","state":"charging","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Bryn","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_bryn_pressure","state":"normal","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Bryn Pressure","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_bryn_mode","state":"daily_clean","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Bryn Brushing mode","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_bryn_signal_strength","state":"-76","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Bryn Signal strength","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_bryn_battery","state":"94","friendlyName":"Toothbrush Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_yasu_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Yasu Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_yasu_sector","state":"no_sector","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Yasu Sector","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_yasu_number_of_sectors","state":"0","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Yasu Number of sectors","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_yasu_sector_timer","state":"0","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Yasu Sector timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_yasu_toothbrush_state","state":"charging","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Yasu","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_yasu_pressure","state":"normal","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Yasu Pressure","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_yasu_mode","state":"daily_clean","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Yasu Brushing mode","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_yasu_signal_strength","state":"-74","friendlyName":"Toothbrush - Yasu Signal strength","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.toothbrush_yasu_battery","state":"94","friendlyName":"Toothbrush Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"script.turn_laundry_dryer_lights_pink","state":"off","friendlyName":"Turn Dryer Lights Red","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.turn_laundry_dryer_lights_white","state":"off","friendlyName":"Turn Dryer Lights White","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.medication_reminder","state":"off","friendlyName":"Supplements Daily Reminder Script (Bryn)","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.medication_reminder_script_yasu","state":"off","friendlyName":"Medication Reminder Script (Yasu)","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.feed_fish_reminder_king","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feed Fish Reminder - King","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.feed_fish_reminder_hallway","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feed Fish Reminder - Hallway","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_balcony_blind","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop Balcony Blind","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_queen_closet_right_blind","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop Queen Closet Right Blind","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_queen_closet_left_blind","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop Queen Window Blind","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_king_right_blind","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop King Right Blind","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_king_left_blind","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop King Left Blind","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_queen_window","state":"off","friendlyName":"stop queen window","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_lr_blind","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop LR Blind","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.1683092579592","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop King Blinds","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.disable_living_room_motion_sensor","state":"off","friendlyName":"Disable Living Room Motion Sensor","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.toggle_kitchen_motion_sensor","state":"off","friendlyName":"Toggle Kitchen Motion Sensor","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_music","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop Music","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.volume_up","state":"off","friendlyName":"Volume Up - Echo Kitchen Island","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.volume_down","state":"off","friendlyName":"Volume Down","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_music_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop Music","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.play_music","state":"off","friendlyName":"Play Music","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.music_script","state":"off","friendlyName":"Jazz Music Script","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.dogs_timer","state":"off","friendlyName":"Dogs Timer Script","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.1687517035299","state":"off","friendlyName":"Dogs Start Script","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.dogs_reset_script","state":"off","friendlyName":"Dogs Timer Start","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.decibel","state":"off","friendlyName":"Decibal","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.decibel_stop","state":"off","friendlyName":"Decibel Stop","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.alarm_bryn","state":"off","friendlyName":"Alarm - Bryn","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.alarm_bryn_off","state":"off","friendlyName":"Alarm Bryn - OFF","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.1697922085005","state":"off","friendlyName":"chore manual reset","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.volume_down_everywhere","state":"off","friendlyName":"Volume Down Everywhere","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.volume_up_everywhere","state":"off","friendlyName":"Volume Up Everywhere","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.goodnight_button","state":"off","friendlyName":"Goodnight Button","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.motion_goodnight","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Main Off","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.motion_main_on","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Main On","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.queen_ladder_red_on","state":"off","friendlyName":"Queen Ladder Red On","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.queen_ladder_white","state":"off","friendlyName":"Queen Ladder White","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.king_red_beacon","state":"off","friendlyName":"King Red Beacon","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.pug_air_freshener_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Pug Air Freshener Toggle","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.blind_lr_balcony_open","state":"off","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Balcony Open","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.blind_lr_balcony_close","state":"off","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Balcony Close","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.cat_washroom_goodbye","state":"off","friendlyName":"Cat Washroom Goodbye","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.play_blank_music","state":"off","friendlyName":"Play Blank Music","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.volume_change_30_percent_kitchen_cupboards_l","state":"off","friendlyName":"Volume Change 35 Percent - Cat Washroom","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.blind_lr_close","state":"off","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Close","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.blind_lr_open","state":"off","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Open","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.spa_music_x4_repeat","state":"off","friendlyName":"Spa Music x4 repeat","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.light_cat_led_on","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat LED on","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.motion_main_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion - Main Toggle","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.weather_change","state":"off","friendlyName":"Weather Change","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.motion_turn_off_turning_off","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion - Toggle Turning Off","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.curtain_king_both_close","state":"off","friendlyName":"Curtain - King Both Close","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.curtain_king_both_open","state":"off","friendlyName":"Curtain - King Both Open","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.tv_and_movie_script","state":"off","friendlyName":"TV and Movie Script","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.vacuum_clean_cat_litter","state":"off","friendlyName":"Vacuum Clean Cat Litter","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.cat_music_off","state":"off","friendlyName":"Cat Music Off","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.ask_mymedia_to_play_my_new_playlist","state":"off","friendlyName":"Ask MyMedia To Play My New Playlist","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.ask_alexa_to_stop_playing_my_playlist","state":"off","friendlyName":"ask Alexa to stop Playing My Playlist","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.doorbell_turnon","state":"off","friendlyName":"Doorbell Turnon","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.doorbell_turnoff","state":"off","friendlyName":"Doorbell Turnoff","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.cat_ceiling_fan_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Cat Ceiling Fan Toggle","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.clean_cat_litter","state":"off","friendlyName":"Clean Cat Litter","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.curtain_placeholder_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Curtain Placeholder On","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.curtain_placeholder_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Curtain Placeholder Off","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.chum_fm","state":"off","friendlyName":"CHUMFM","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.calm_my_cat","state":"off","friendlyName":"Calm My Cat","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.turn_on_spotify","state":"off","friendlyName":"Turn on Spotify","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.turn_off_spotify","state":"off","friendlyName":"Turn off Spotify","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.chfi","state":"off","friendlyName":"CHFI","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.virgin","state":"off","friendlyName":"Virgin","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.spotifyplus_everywhere_turn_on","state":"off","friendlyName":"SpotifyPlus Everywhere - Turn On","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.fish_timer_start","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fish Timer Start","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.kitchen_lights_script_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Kitchen Lights Script","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.nothing_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Nothing Toggle","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.medication_reminder_script_bryn","state":"off","friendlyName":"Medication Reminder Script (Bryn)","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.incoming_call","state":"off","friendlyName":"Incoming Call","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.tv_open","state":"off","friendlyName":"TV Open","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.tv_close_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"TV Close","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.turn_off_no_motion_automations","state":"off","friendlyName":"Turn Off No Motion Automations","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.turn_on_no_motion_automations","state":"off","friendlyName":"Turn On No Motion Automations","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.motion_no_motion_toggle","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion No Motion Toggle","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.king_windows_open","state":"off","friendlyName":"King Windows Open","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.king_windows_close","state":"off","friendlyName":"King Windows Close","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.cat_med_light_on_off","state":"off","friendlyName":"Cat Med Light On Off","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_light_red_1_press","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop Light Red 1 Press","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_light_yellow1_press","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop Light Yellow1 Press","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.stop_light_green_1_press","state":"off","friendlyName":"Stop Light Green 1 Press","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"script.light_bar_kitchen_cupboards_white","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light Bar Kitchen Cupboards white","domain":"script"},{"entityId":"media_player.spotify_byhomeyyz","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Spotify Byhomeyyz","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.yellow_brick_cinema_relaxing_music_latest_upload","state":"🔴 Deep Sleep Music 24/7, Relaxing Music, Sleep, Yoga, Meditation Music, Study Music, Sleeping Music","friendlyName":"Yellow Brick Cinema - Relaxing Music Latest upload","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.yellow_brick_cinema_relaxing_music_subscribers","state":"6470000","friendlyName":"Yellow Brick Cinema - Relaxing Music Subscribers","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.yellow_brick_cinema_relaxing_music_views","state":"2639929495","friendlyName":"Yellow Brick Cinema - Relaxing Music Views","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.pbs_newshour_latest_upload","state":"PBS News Hour full episode, April 17, 2026","friendlyName":"PBS NewsHour Latest upload","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.pbs_newshour_subscribers","state":"5250000","friendlyName":"PBS NewsHour Subscribers","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.pbs_newshour_views","state":"3058268034","friendlyName":"PBS NewsHour Views","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.byte_of_geek_latest_upload","state":"This Zigbee Sensor Finally Stopped Me Killing My Plants","friendlyName":"Byte of Geek Latest upload","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.byte_of_geek_subscribers","state":"12100","friendlyName":"Byte of Geek Subscribers","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.byte_of_geek_views","state":"1759473","friendlyName":"Byte of Geek Views","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"calendar.holidays_in_canada","state":"off","friendlyName":"Holidays in canada","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"calendar.reachushereinyyz_gmail_com","state":"off","friendlyName":"Reachushereinyyz@gmail.com","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"calendar.birthdays_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Birthdays","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"calendar.family","state":"off","friendlyName":"Family","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.awtrix_1_work_button_left","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Button left","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.awtrix_1_work_button_select","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Button select","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.awtrix_1_work_button_right","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Button right","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.awtrix_2_health_button_left","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Button left","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.awtrix_2_health_button_select","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Button select","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.awtrix_2_health_button_right","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Button right","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.awtrix_b_button_left","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Button left","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.activity_calories","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Activity calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.calories","state":"1596","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.calories_bmr","state":"1595","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Calories BMR","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.distance","state":"0.00","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.elevation","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Elevation","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.floors","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Floors","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.resting_heart_rate","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Resting heart rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.minutes_fairly_active","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Minutes fairly active","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.minutes_lightly_active","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Minutes lightly active","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.minutes_sedentary","state":"1440","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Minutes sedentary","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.minutes_very_active","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Minutes very active","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.steps","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Steps","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tracker_activity_calories","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. tracker Activity calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tracker_calories","state":"1596","friendlyName":"Bryn K. tracker Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tracker_distance","state":"0.00","friendlyName":"Bryn K. tracker Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tracker_elevation","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. tracker Elevation","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tracker_floors","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. tracker Floors","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tracker_minutes_fairly_active","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. tracker Minutes fairly active","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tracker_minutes_lightly_active","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. tracker Minutes lightly active","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tracker_minutes_sedentary","state":"1440","friendlyName":"Bryn K. tracker Minutes sedentary","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tracker_minutes_very_active","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. tracker Minutes very active","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tracker_steps","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. tracker Steps","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bmi","state":"27.8","friendlyName":"Bryn K. BMI","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.body_fat","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Body fat","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.weight","state":"187.833847381516","friendlyName":"Weight","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awakenings_count","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Awakenings count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sleep_efficiency","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Sleep efficiency","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.minutes_after_wakeup","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Minutes after wakeup","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sleep_minutes_asleep","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Sleep minutes asleep","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sleep_minutes_awake","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Sleep minutes awake","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sleep_minutes_to_fall_asleep","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Sleep minutes to fall asleep","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sleep_time_in_bed","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Sleep time in bed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.calories_in","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Calories in","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.water","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Water","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sleep_start_time","state":"","friendlyName":"Bryn K. Sleep start time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.charge_5_battery","state":"Medium","friendlyName":"Charge 5 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.mobiletrack_battery","state":"Empty","friendlyName":"MobileTrack Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.charge_5_battery_level","state":"47","friendlyName":"Charge 5 Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.mobiletrack_battery_level","state":"0","friendlyName":"MobileTrack Battery level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.awtrix_b_button_select","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Button select","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.awtrix_b_button_right","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Button right","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.lg_laptop_phonelinkpopup","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LG-LAPTOP PhoneLinkPopup","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.lg_laptop_lg_laptop_webcamactive","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LG-LAPTOP LG-LAPTOP_webcamactive","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_1_work_dismiss_notification","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Dismiss notification","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_1_work_start_update","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Start Update","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_1_work_next_app","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Next app","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_1_work_previous_app","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Previous app","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_2_health_dismiss_notification","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Dismiss notification","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_2_health_start_update","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Start Update","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_2_health_next_app","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Next app","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_2_health_previous_app","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Previous app","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_b_dismiss_notification","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Dismiss notification","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_b_start_update","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Start Update","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_b_next_app","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Next app","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.awtrix_b_previous_app","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Previous app","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_1_work_matrix","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Matrix","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_1_work_indicator_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Indicator 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_1_work_indicator_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Indicator 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_1_work_indicator_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Indicator 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_2_health_matrix","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Matrix","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_2_health_indicator_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Indicator 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_2_health_indicator_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Indicator 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_2_health_indicator_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Indicator 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_b_matrix","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Matrix","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_b_indicator_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Indicator 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_b_indicator_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Indicator 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.awtrix_b_indicator_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Indicator 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"select.awtrix_1_work_brightness_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Brightness mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.awtrix_1_work_transition_effect","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Transition effect","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.awtrix_2_health_brightness_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Brightness mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.awtrix_2_health_transition_effect","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Transition effect","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.awtrix_b_brightness_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Brightness mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.awtrix_b_transition_effect","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Transition effect","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_1_work_current_app","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Current app","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_1_work_device_topic","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Device topic","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_1_work_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_1_work_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_1_work_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_1_work_illuminance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Illuminance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_1_work_version","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Version","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_1_work_wifi_strength","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work WiFi strength","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_1_work_uptime","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Uptime","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_1_work_free_ram","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Free ram","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_2_health_current_app","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Current app","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_2_health_device_topic","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Device topic","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_2_health_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_2_health_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_2_health_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_2_health_illuminance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Illuminance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_2_health_version","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Version","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_2_health_wifi_strength","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health WiFi strength","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_2_health_uptime","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Uptime","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_2_health_free_ram","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Free ram","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_b_current_app","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Current app","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_b_device_topic","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Device topic","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_b_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_b_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_b_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_b_illuminance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Illuminance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_b_version","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Version","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_b_wifi_strength","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B WiFi strength","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_b_uptime","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Uptime","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awtrix_b_free_ram","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Free ram","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_laptop_lg_laptop_windowstate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LG-LAPTOP LG-LAPTOP_windowstate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lg_laptop_lg_laptop_processactive","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LG-LAPTOP LG-LAPTOP_processactive","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.awtrix_1_work_transition","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 1 - Work Transition","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.awtrix_2_health_transition","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix 2 - Health Transition","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.awtrix_b_transition","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awtrix - B Transition","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.icloud3_event_log","state":"device_tracker_iphone_8_1:Fri, 04/17, 10:25:00.760644","friendlyName":"iCloud3 Integration iCloud3 Event Log","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.icloud3_alerts","state":"yayayaya789@ > Apple Login Failed, Server Refused PwSRP Request-503, Invalid Username-Password-401, Retry at 11:25p +1 Alerts","friendlyName":"iCloud3 Integration iCloud3 Alerts","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.icloud3_wazehist_track","state":"43.67097001006913, -79.37716215848924","friendlyName":"iCloud3 Integration iCloud3 Waze History Track","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.withings_in_bed","state":"off","friendlyName":"Withings In bed","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"calendar.withings_workouts","state":"off","friendlyName":"Withings Workouts","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"sensor.body_scan_battery","state":"low","friendlyName":"Body Scan Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bpm_vision_battery","state":"high","friendlyName":"BPM Vision Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_step_goal","state":"10000","friendlyName":"Withings Step goal","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_weight_goal","state":"154.477907112944","friendlyName":"Withings Weight goal","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_steps_today","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Steps today","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_distance_travelled_today","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Distance travelled today","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_floors_climbed_today","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Elevation change today","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_soft_activity_today","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Soft activity today","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_moderate_activity_today","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Moderate activity today","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_intense_activity_today","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Intense activity today","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_active_time_today","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Active time today","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_active_calories_burnt_today","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Active calories burnt today","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_total_calories_burnt_today","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Total calories burnt today","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_breathing_disturbances_intensity","state":"0","friendlyName":"Withings Breathing disturbances intensity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_deep_sleep","state":"9360","friendlyName":"Withings Deep sleep","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_time_to_sleep","state":"660","friendlyName":"Withings Time to sleep","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_time_to_wakeup","state":"0","friendlyName":"Withings Time to wakeup","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_average_heart_rate","state":"67","friendlyName":"Withings Average heart rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_maximum_heart_rate","state":"86","friendlyName":"Withings Maximum heart rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_minimum_heart_rate","state":"49","friendlyName":"Withings Minimum heart rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_light_sleep","state":"22980","friendlyName":"Withings Light sleep","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_rem_sleep","state":"7140","friendlyName":"Withings REM sleep","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_average_respiratory_rate","state":"15","friendlyName":"Withings Average respiratory rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_maximum_respiratory_rate","state":"28","friendlyName":"Withings Maximum respiratory rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_minimum_respiratory_rate","state":"9","friendlyName":"Withings Minimum respiratory rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_sleep_score","state":"84","friendlyName":"Withings Sleep score","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_snoring","state":"0","friendlyName":"Withings Snoring","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_snoring_episode_count","state":"0","friendlyName":"Withings Snoring episode count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_wakeup_count","state":"3","friendlyName":"Withings Wakeup count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_wakeup_time","state":"13980","friendlyName":"Withings Wakeup time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_last_workout_type","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Last workout type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_calories_burnt_last_workout","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Calories burnt last workout","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_distance_travelled_last_workout","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Distance travelled last workout","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_floors_climbed_last_workout","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Elevation change last workout","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_last_workout_intensity","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Last workout intensity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_pause_during_last_workout","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Pause during last workout","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_last_workout_duration","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Withings Last workout duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"media_player.spotifyplus_byhomeyyz","state":"off","friendlyName":"SpotifyPlus Byhomeyyz","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.sensor_cat_presence_light_sensor_light_level","state":"5","friendlyName":"Sensor - Cat Presence Light Sensor Light Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"button.sensor_cat_presence_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Sensor - Cat Presence Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.sensor_cat_presence_presence_sensor_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Sensor - Cat Presence Presence Sensor 1","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.presence_sensor_fp2_1f23_presence_sensor_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Sensor - Cat Presence Presence-Sensor-FP2-1F23 Presence Sensor 2","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.presence_sensor_fp2_1f23_presence_sensor_3","state":"off","friendlyName":"Sensor - Cat Presence Presence-Sensor-FP2-1F23 Presence Sensor 3","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.s8_mop_attached","state":"on","friendlyName":"S8 Mop attached","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.s8_water_box_attached","state":"on","friendlyName":"S8 Water box attached","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.s8_water_shortage","state":"on","friendlyName":"S8 Water shortage","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.s8_cleaning","state":"off","friendlyName":"S8 Cleaning","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.s8_charging","state":"on","friendlyName":"S8 Charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"image.s8_map_0","state":"2026-04-18T01:36:23.139030+00:00","friendlyName":"S8 Map 0","domain":"image"},{"entityId":"number.s8_volume","state":"65.0","friendlyName":"S8 Volume","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"select.s8_mop_intensity","state":"intense","friendlyName":"S8 Mop intensity","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.s8_mop_mode","state":"standard","friendlyName":"S8 Mop mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.s8_selected_map","state":"Map 0","friendlyName":"S8 Selected map","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_main_brush_time_left","state":"-129.615","friendlyName":"S8 Main brush time left","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_side_brush_time_left","state":"-229.615","friendlyName":"S8 Side brush time left","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_filter_time_left","state":"-279.615","friendlyName":"S8 Filter time left","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_sensor_time_left","state":"-354.216111111111","friendlyName":"S8 Sensor time left","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_cleaning_time","state":"39.2833333333333","friendlyName":"S8 Cleaning time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_total_cleaning_time","state":"429.1625","friendlyName":"S8 Total cleaning time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_total_cleaning_count","state":"3014","friendlyName":"S8 Total cleaning count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_status","state":"charging","friendlyName":"S8 Status","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_cleaning_area","state":"21.6","friendlyName":"S8 Cleaning area","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_total_cleaning_area","state":"14103.3","friendlyName":"S8 Total cleaning area","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_vacuum_error","state":"none","friendlyName":"S8 Vacuum error","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_battery","state":"100","friendlyName":"S8 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_last_clean_begin","state":"2026-04-17T21:12:51+00:00","friendlyName":"S8 Last clean begin","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_last_clean_end","state":"2026-04-18T01:35:14+00:00","friendlyName":"S8 Last clean end","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_cleaning_progress","state":"52","friendlyName":"S8 Cleaning progress","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_current_room","state":"Room 16","friendlyName":"S8 Current room","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.s8_dock_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"S8 Dock Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.s8_do_not_disturb","state":"off","friendlyName":"S8 Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"time.s8_do_not_disturb_begin","state":"22:00:00","friendlyName":"S8 Do not disturb begin","domain":"time"},{"entityId":"time.s8_do_not_disturb_end","state":"07:00:00","friendlyName":"S8 Do not disturb end","domain":"time"},{"entityId":"vacuum.s8","state":"docked","friendlyName":"S8","domain":"vacuum"},{"entityId":"button.s8_full_cleaning","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"S8 Full Cleaning","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"camera.toronto_radar","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Toronto Radar","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"media_player.hub_tv_living_room_70","state":"off","friendlyName":"Hub - TV - Living Room (70)","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_king","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - King","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_king","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_king2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King2","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_closet","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_closet","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Closet","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_lr2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR2","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_lr","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_kitchen_island","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Kitchen Island","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_hallway2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway2","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_hallway","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_pug","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Pug","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_pug","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Pug","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_pug2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Pug2","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_queen","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Queen","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_queen","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Queen","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_cat_cupboards","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat Cupboards","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_cat1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat1","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.light_kitchen_nightlight_zigbee_router_motion","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Nightlight (Zigbee Router) Motion","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_queen_opening_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Queen Opening","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_hallway_cat_litter_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Cat Litter","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_closet_opening","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Opening","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_cat","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Cat","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_cat_safe_opening","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Cat Safe Opening","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_cat3","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat3","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_cat2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat2","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_hallway_entrance_opening","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Entrance Opening","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_hallway_dryer","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Dryer","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_hallway_washer_opening","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Washer Opening","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.water_sensor_lr_fountain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Water Sensor - LR Fountain","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.water_sensor_lr_fountain_opening","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Water Sensor - LR Fountain Opening","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_king_cabinet_l","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Cabinet (L)","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_king_cabinet_r","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Cabinet (R)","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.vibration_sensor","state":"off","friendlyName":"Vibration Sensor","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_closet_treat_cupboard_opening","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Treat Cupboard Opening","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.motion_sensor_kitchen","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Kitchen","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Cat Food","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_opened_by_hand_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (L) Opened by hand","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_opened_by_hand","state":"off","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (R) Opened by hand","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.door_sensor_hallway_litter_drawer2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Litter Drawer","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR Cat Water","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_3","state":"off","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RMS16BZ","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.third_reality_inc_3rws18bz_ias_zone","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RWS18BZ IAS zone","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.third_reality_inc_3rws18bz_opening","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RWS18BZ Opening","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"button.temperature_sensor_king_identify","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Temperature Sensor - King Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.air_sensor_lr_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Air Sensor - LR Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.light_kitchen_nightlight_zigbee_router_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Nightlight (Zigbee Router) Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.door_sensor_queen_identify_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Queen Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.door_sensor_closet_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.door_sensor_cat_safe_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Cat Safe Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.knob_cat_mirror_pulley_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Knob - Cat Mirror Pulley Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.knob_king_blinds_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Button - Monitor Switch Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.knob_lr_balcony_blind_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Knob - LR Balcony Blind Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.door_sensor_hallway_entrance_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Entrance Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.door_sensor_hallway_washer_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Washer Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.knob_lr_main_blind_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Knob - LR Main Blind Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.door_sensor_closet_treat_cupboard_identify","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Treat Cupboard Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.knob_cat_volume_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Knob - Cat Volume Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_identify_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (L) Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (R) Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.knob_lr_reading_light_identify","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Knob - USB Switch Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.third_reality_inc_3rsp019bz_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RSP019BZ Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.third_reality_inc_3rws18bz_identify","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RWS18BZ Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.knob_queen_blind_identify","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Knob - Queen Blind Identify","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"cover.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_2","state":"closed","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (L)","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"cover.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001","state":"open","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (R)","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_nightlight_zigbee_router","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Nightlight (Zigbee Router)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"number.door_sensor_king_open_delay_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - King Open delay time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_king_detection_interval","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_king2_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King2 Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.door_sensor_closet_open_delay_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Open delay time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_closet_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Closet Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_lr2_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR2 Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_lr_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_kitchen_island_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Kitchen Island Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_hallway2_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway2 Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_hallway_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_pug_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Pug Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.door_sensor_pug_open_delay_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Pug Open delay time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_pug2_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Pug2 Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_queen_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Queen Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.door_sensor_queen_open_delay_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Queen Open delay time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_cat_cupboards_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat Cupboards Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_cat1_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat1 Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.light_kitchen_nightlight_zigbee_router_on_off_transition_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Nightlight (Zigbee Router) On/Off transition time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.light_kitchen_nightlight_zigbee_router_on_level","state":"255","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Nightlight (Zigbee Router) On level","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.light_kitchen_nightlight_zigbee_router_start_up_current_level","state":"255","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Nightlight (Zigbee Router) Start-up current level","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.light_kitchen_nightlight_zigbee_router_start_up_color_temperature","state":"65535","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Nightlight (Zigbee Router) Start-up color temperature","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_hallway_cat_litter_detection_interval_2","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Cat Litter Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.door_sensor_cat_open_delay_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Cat Open delay time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_cat3_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat3 Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_cat2_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat2 Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.door_sensor_hallway_dryer_open_delay_time","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Dryer Open delay time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.water_sensor_lr_fountain_siren_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Water Sensor - LR Fountain Siren time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_king_cabinet_l_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Cabinet (L) Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_king_cabinet_r_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Cabinet (R) Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.motion_sensor_kitchen_detection_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Kitchen Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_detection_interval","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Cat Food Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.door_sensor_hallway_litter_drawer_open_delay_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Litter Drawer Open delay time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_detection_interval_2","state":"30","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR Cat Water Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_detection_interval_3","state":"5","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RMS16BZ Detection interval","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.third_reality_inc_3rws18bz_siren_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RWS18BZ Siren time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"select.light_kitchen_nightlight_zigbee_router_start_up_behavior","state":"PreviousValue","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Nightlight (Zigbee Router) Start-up behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.third_reality_inc_3rsp019bz_start_up_behavior","state":"Off","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RSP019BZ Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_king_battery","state":"79.0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - King Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_yasu_bed_battery","state":"73.0","friendlyName":"Button - Yasu Bed Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_king_window_open_battery","state":"73.0","friendlyName":"Button - King Window (Open) Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.temperature_sensor_king_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Temperature Sensor - King Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.temperature_sensor_king_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Temperature Sensor - King Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.temperature_sensor_king_pressure","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Temperature Sensor - King Pressure","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.temperature_sensor_king_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Temperature Sensor - King Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_king_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_king2_battery","state":"65.0","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King2 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_closet_battery","state":"62.0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.air_sensor_lr_temperature","state":"23.86","friendlyName":"Air Sensor - LR Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.air_sensor_lr_battery","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Air Sensor - LR Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.air_sensor_lr_humidity","state":"48.43","friendlyName":"Air Sensor - LR Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.air_sensor_lr_volatile_organic_compounds_parts","state":"5.0","friendlyName":"Air Sensor - LR Volatile organic compounds parts","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_closet_battery","state":"38.0","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Closet Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_lr2_battery","state":"63.0","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR2 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_lr_battery","state":"66.5","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_kitchen_island_battery","state":"71.0","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Kitchen Island Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_hallway2_battery","state":"53.0","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway2 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_hallway_battery","state":"56.5","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_pug_battery","state":"63.5","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Pug Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_pug_battery","state":"64.5","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Pug Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_pug2_battery","state":"67.5","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Pug2 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_queen_battery","state":"85.5","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Queen Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_queen_battery","state":"62.0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Queen Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_cat_cupboards_battery","state":"13.5","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat Cupboards Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_cat1_battery","state":"56.5","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat1 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_cat_fans_battery","state":"94.5","friendlyName":"Button - Cat Fans Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_tv_flat2_battery","state":"77.0","friendlyName":"Button - TV Flat2 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_king_windows_close_battery","state":"84.0","friendlyName":"Button - King Windows (Close) Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_bryn_bed_battery","state":"73.0","friendlyName":"Button - Bryn Bed Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.light_kitchen_nightlight_zigbee_router_illuminance","state":"272","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Nightlight (Zigbee Router) Illuminance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_tv_turn2_battery","state":"80.5","friendlyName":"Button - TV Turn2 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_tv_turn_battery","state":"73.0","friendlyName":"Button - TV Turn Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_tv_flat_battery","state":"69.5","friendlyName":"Button - TV Flat Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_balcony_blind_battery","state":"80.5","friendlyName":"Button - Balcony Blind Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_queen_battery_2","state":"62.5","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Queen Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_queen_device_temperature_2","state":"33.0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Queen Device temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_goodbye4_battery","state":"66.0","friendlyName":"Button - Goodbye4 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_fish_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button - Fish Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_yasu_meds_battery","state":"69.5","friendlyName":"Button - Yasu Meds Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_dogs_battery","state":"77.0","friendlyName":"Button - Dogs Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_cat_litter_reset_battery","state":"84.0","friendlyName":"Button - Cat Litter Reset Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_lr_blind_battery","state":"73.0","friendlyName":"Button - LR Blind Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_hallway_cat_litter_battery_2","state":"90.0","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Cat Litter Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_sensor_magnet_aq2_battery","state":"80.5","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_closet_device_temperature","state":"27.0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Device temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_cat_battery","state":"64.5","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Cat Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_cat_safe_battery_2","state":"73.0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Cat Safe Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_cat_safe_device_temperature","state":"33.0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Cat Safe Device temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_cat3_battery","state":"42.0","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat3 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_cat2_battery","state":"66.5","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat2 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.knob_cat_mirror_pulley_battery","state":"98.0","friendlyName":"Knob - Cat Mirror Pulley Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.knob_king_blinds_battery","state":"94.0","friendlyName":"Button - Monitor Switch Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.knob_lr_balcony_blind_battery","state":"92.0","friendlyName":"Knob - LR Balcony Blind Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_hallway_entrance_battery_2","state":"80.5","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Entrance Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_hallway_entrance_device_temperature","state":"28.0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Entrance Device temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_hallway_dryer_battery","state":"51.5","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Dryer Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_hallway_washer_battery_2","state":"66.0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Washer Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_hallway_washer_device_temperature","state":"30.0","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Washer Device temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.knob_lr_main_blind_battery","state":"95.0","friendlyName":"Knob - LR Main Blind Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.water_sensor_lr_fountain_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Water Sensor - LR Fountain Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_king_cabinet_l_battery","state":"87.0","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Cabinet (L) Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_king_cabinet_r_battery","state":"87.0","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Cabinet (R) Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.vibration_sensor_battery","state":"64.5","friendlyName":"Vibration Sensor Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_closet_treat_cupboard_battery_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Treat Cupboard Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_closet_treat_cupboard_device_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Treat Cupboard Device temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.knob_cat_volume_battery","state":"100.0","friendlyName":"Knob - Cat Volume Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_cat_shower_main_battery","state":"77.0","friendlyName":"Button - Cat Shower Main Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_cat_shower_3_battery_2","state":"84.0","friendlyName":"Button - Cat Shower 3 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.motion_sensor_kitchen_battery","state":"63.0","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Kitchen Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_cat_air_freshener_battery","state":"77.0","friendlyName":"Button - Cat Air Freshener Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Cat Food Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_lr_fish_battery","state":"80.5","friendlyName":"Button - LR Fish Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_power_source_2","state":"undefined_0x07","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (L) Power source","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_battery_2","state":"100.0","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (L) Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_window_covering_type_2","state":"Drapery","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (L) Window covering type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_illuminance_2","state":"0","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (L) Illuminance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_hooks_state_2","state":"Locked","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (L) Hooks state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_power_source","state":"undefined_0x07","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (R) Power source","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_battery","state":"100.0","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (R) Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_window_covering_type","state":"Drapery","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (R) Window covering type","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_illuminance","state":"0","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (R) Illuminance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_hooks_state","state":"Locked","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (R) Hooks state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.door_sensor_hallway_litter_drawer2_battery","state":"64.5","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Litter Drawer Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_cat_med_light_reset_battery","state":"73.0","friendlyName":"Button - Cat Med Light Reset Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.knob_lr_reading_light_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Knob - USB Switch Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_battery_2","state":"89.5","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR Cat Water Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_battery_3","state":"100.0","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RMS16BZ Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.third_reality_inc_3rws18bz_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RWS18BZ Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.knob_queen_blind_battery","state":"97.0","friendlyName":"Knob - Queen Blind Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.water_sensor_lr_fountain_enable_siren","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Water Sensor - LR Fountain Enable siren","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_inverted","state":"off","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (L) Inverted","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.curtain_king_r_inverted","state":"off","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (R) Inverted","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.third_reality_inc_3rsp019bz","state":"on","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RSP019BZ","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.third_reality_inc_3rws18bz","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RWS18BZ","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.third_reality_inc_3rws18bz_enable_siren","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RWS18BZ Enable siren","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"update.door_sensor_king_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - King Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_king_firmware","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_king2_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King2 Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.door_sensor_closet_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Closet Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.air_sensor_lr_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Air Sensor - LR Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_closet_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Closet Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_lr2_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR2 Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_lr_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_kitchen_island_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Kitchen Island Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_hallway2_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway2 Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_hallway_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_pug_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Pug Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.door_sensor_pug_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Pug Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_pug2_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Pug2 Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_queen_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Queen Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.door_sensor_queen_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Queen Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_cat_cupboards_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat Cupboards Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_cat1_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat1 Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.light_kitchen_nightlight_zigbee_router_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Nightlight (Zigbee Router) Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_hallway_cat_litter_firmware_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Cat Litter Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.door_sensor_cat_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Cat Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_cat3_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat3 Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_cat2_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Cat2 Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.knob_cat_mirror_pulley_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Knob - Cat Mirror Pulley Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.knob_king_blinds_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Button - Monitor Switch Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.knob_lr_balcony_blind_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Knob - LR Balcony Blind Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.door_sensor_hallway_dryer_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Dryer Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.knob_lr_main_blind_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Knob - LR Main Blind Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.water_sensor_lr_fountain_firmware","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Water Sensor - LR Fountain Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_king_cabinet_l_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Cabinet (L) Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_king_cabinet_r_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - King Cabinet (R) Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.vibration_sensor_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Vibration Sensor Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.knob_cat_volume_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Knob - Cat Volume Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.motion_sensor_kitchen_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Kitchen Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_firmware","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - Hallway Cat Food Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_firmware_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (L) Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.lumi_lumi_curtain_agl001_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Curtain - King (R) Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.door_sensor_hallway_litter_drawer2_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Door Sensor - Hallway Litter Drawer Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.knob_lr_reading_light_firmware","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Knob - USB Switch Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_firmware_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion Sensor - LR Cat Water Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.third_reality_inc_3rms16bz_firmware_3","state":"off","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RMS16BZ Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.third_reality_inc_3rsp019bz_firmware","state":"off","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RSP019BZ Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.third_reality_inc_3rws18bz_firmware","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Third Reality, Inc 3RWS18BZ Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"update.knob_queen_blind_firmware","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Knob - Queen Blind Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"sensor.yasu_3","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Yasu","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn","state":"Home (since 04/15)","friendlyName":"Bryn","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.yasu_2","state":"Home (since 04/06)","friendlyName":"Yasu","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.yasu","state":"Almost Home (since 01/27)","friendlyName":"Yasu","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home_yasu","state":"James Cooper Mansion, building, apartments, Toronto Centre, 28, Linden Street (since 11/12)","friendlyName":"Home - Yasu","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.home","state":"James Cooper Mansion, building, apartments, Toronto Centre, 28, Linden Street (since 11/12)","friendlyName":"Home","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_4","state":"2024-09-20 13:25:35 (since 11/12)","friendlyName":"Bryn","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_3","state":"Home (since 01/17)","friendlyName":"Bryn","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_5","state":"Home (since 01/30)","friendlyName":"Bryn","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.yasu_4","state":"Home (since 04/28)","friendlyName":"Yasu","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_2","state":"Almost Home (since 01/17)","friendlyName":"Bryn","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"automation.meds_alarm_yasu","state":"on","friendlyName":"Meds - Alarm (Yasu)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.meds_taken_reload_yasu","state":"on","friendlyName":"Meds Taken - Reload (Yasu)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.meds_taken_start_yasu","state":"on","friendlyName":"Meds Taken - Start (Yasu)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.feed_fish_alarm_king","state":"off","friendlyName":"Feed Fish Alarm - King","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.ope","state":"on","friendlyName":"Open Safe","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.airthings","state":"on","friendlyName":"Airthings","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_queen_blind_down","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - Queen Blind (Down)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_queen_closet_blinds_down","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - Queen Closet Blinds (Down)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_queen_closet_blinds_up","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - Queen Closet Blinds (Up)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.feed_fish_alarm_hallway_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Feed Fish Alarm - Hallway","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.air_purifier_cat_to_nest_50","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat turns on Nest 40+","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.best_temp_above_23_turns_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Temp above 23 turns on Cool","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_water_beacon_is_low_announcement","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat water is low beacon Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.auto_reboot_4am","state":"on","friendlyName":"Auto Reboot (4am)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.air_quality_above_30","state":"on","friendlyName":"Air Quality Above 95","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.air_quality_below_30","state":"on","friendlyName":"Air Quality Below 95","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_blind_queen_open","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - Blind Queen Open","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_blind_queen_shut","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - Blind Queen Shut","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.queen_temperature_above_21","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Queen Temperature above 21","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.welcome_home_yasu","state":"on","friendlyName":"Welcome Home Yasu","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.king_bedroom_temperature_above_20","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"King Bedroom Temperature Above 22","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.automation_84","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"King Bedroom Temperature Below 22","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_calm_my_cat","state":"on","friendlyName":"Button Press - Calm My Cat","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.dogs_alarm_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Dogs Alarm","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_push_decibel_podcast","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - Decibel Podcast","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_push_decibel_stop","state":"on","friendlyName":"Button Press - Decibel Stop","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.doorbell_snapshot_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Doorbell Snapshot","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_control_2_0","state":"off","friendlyName":"Volume Level 3 - 10:45pm","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.low_battery_level_detection_notification_for_all_battery_sensors","state":"on","friendlyName":"Low battery level detection & notification for all battery sensors","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_control_echo_king_right","state":"off","friendlyName":"Volume Control Up - Echo King Right","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.alarm_bryn","state":"off","friendlyName":"Alarm - Bryn","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.alarm_bryn_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Alarm - Bryn Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_cat","state":"on","friendlyName":"Volume - Cat","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.yasu_work_air_purifier_king_on","state":"on","friendlyName":"Yasu Work - Air Purifier King - ON","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.yasu_king_air_purifier_off","state":"on","friendlyName":"Yasu Work - Air Purifier King - OFF","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_queen_closet_blinds_down_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - Queen Closet Blinds (Down)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_queen_door_busy","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - Queen Door Busy","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_close_all_lr_blinds","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - 4-3 - LR Blinds Close All","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_lr_blinds_open_all","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - 4-3 - LR Blinds Open ALL","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_4_1_work_modem_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - 4-1 Work Modem Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.echo_all_volume_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - 4-4 - Echo - All Volume Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.echo_all_volume_normal","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - 4-4 - Echo - All Volume Normal","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.air_quality_amazon_above_40","state":"on","friendlyName":"Air Quality - Amazon Red","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.air_quality_amazon_yellow","state":"on","friendlyName":"Air Quality - Amazon Yellow","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_kitchen_4_2_traffic_light_toggle","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - 4-2 - Traffic Light Toggle","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.sensor_queen_door_closed_announcement","state":"on","friendlyName":"Sensor - Queen Door Closed Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.sensor_balcony_door_shut_announcement","state":"on","friendlyName":"Sensor - Balcony Door Shut Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_kitchen_ring_lights","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - Kitchen Ring Lights","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_4_1_b","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - 4-1 Turn On Work","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_level_2_8_00am","state":"off","friendlyName":"Volume Level 2 - 8:00am","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_level_3_4_30pm","state":"off","friendlyName":"Volume Level 3 - 4:30pm","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.awtrix_health_temperature_stock_toggle_automation","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix Health: Temperature Stock Toggle Automation","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blind_lr_shading_automation","state":"off","friendlyName":"Blind - LR shading automation","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_food_low_beacon_announcement","state":"on","friendlyName":"Firefly cat food low","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.ring_triggers_volume_mute","state":"off","friendlyName":"Ring Triggers Volume Mute","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.ring_off_unmutes","state":"off","friendlyName":"Ring Off Unmutes","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.king_tv_turns_on_strip","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"King TV turns on Strip","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_temp_above_24_fan_on","state":"on","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Temp above 24 Fan On","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.feeding","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Feeding","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blind_queen_close_knob","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blind - Queen Close Knob","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blind_queen_stop_knob","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blind - Queen Stop Knob","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blind_queen_open_knob","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blind - Queen Open Knob","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.turn_washer_helper_off_at_restart","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Turn Washer Helper off at Restart","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.wash_complete_notification_skip_on_restart","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Wash complete notification SKIP ON RESTART","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.alarm_bryn_workout","state":"off","friendlyName":"Alarm - Bryn Workout","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.switch_queen_lights_on","state":"on","friendlyName":"Switch - Queen Lights On","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.switch_queen_lights_off","state":"on","friendlyName":"Switch - Queen Lights Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.queen_fridge_door_open","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Queen Fridge Door Open","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_no_presence_3_minutes_turns_off_air_freshener","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat No Presence 3 minutes turns off air freshener","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.wine_fridge_door","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Wine Fridge Door","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.ring_on_work_on","state":"off","friendlyName":"Ring On Work On","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.ring_off_work_off","state":"off","friendlyName":"Ring Off Work Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_shower_main_turns_black_fan_on","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Shower - Main on turns black fan on","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_shower_main_off_turns_off_black_fan","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Shower - Main off turns off black fan","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.pug_washroom_music_on","state":"off","friendlyName":"Pug Washroom Music On","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.pug_washroom_off","state":"off","friendlyName":"Pug Washroom Music and Air Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_spa_music","state":"off","friendlyName":"Cat Spa Music","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_fan_on_after_26_degrees","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Fan On after 26 degrees","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.home_assistant_startup_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Startup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.weather_change_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Weather Change","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.home_assistant_startup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Startup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.chores_weekly","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chores - weekly","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.chores_quarterly","state":"on","friendlyName":"Chores - quarterly","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.movie_and_tv_script","state":"on","friendlyName":"Movie and TV script","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.monday_vacuum_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Monday Vacuum Reminder","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.thursday_vacuum_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Thursday Vacuum Reminder","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.sunday_dusting_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Sunday Dusting Reminder","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.sunday_plants_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Sunday Plants Reminder","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.wednesday_wash_floors_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Wednesday Wash Floors Reminder","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.weekly_change_linen_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Weekly Change Linen Reminder","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.weekly_brush_dogs_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Weekly Brush Dogs Reminder","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cnn_rss","state":"on","friendlyName":"CNN RSS","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.webhook_auto_export","state":"on","friendlyName":"Webhook - Auto Export","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.awtrix_news_app","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix News App","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.awtrix_todo","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix ToDo","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.health_checklist_daily","state":"on","friendlyName":"Health Checklist - Daily","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.health_checklist_weekly","state":"on","friendlyName":"Health Checklist - Weekly","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.tasks_due_notification","state":"on","friendlyName":"Tasks due notification","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.start_podcast_with_push_button","state":"off","friendlyName":"Start Podcast with Push Button","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_living_room","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Living Room Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.play_chumfm_in_cat_washroom","state":"off","friendlyName":"Play ChumFM in Cat Washroom","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_kitchen_popup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Kitchen Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_king_bedroom_popup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show King Bedroom Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_hallway_popup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Hallway Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_pug_washroom_popup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Pug Washroom Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_queen_bedroom_popup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Queen Bedroom Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_laundry_popup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Laundry Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_weather_popup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Weather Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_health_popup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Health Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_chores_popup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Chores Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_vacuum_popup","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Vacuum Popup","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_closet","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Closet","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_doorbell","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Show Doorbell","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.doorbell_capture_image","state":"on","friendlyName":"Doorbell Capture Image","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.show_cat_washroom","state":"on","friendlyName":"Show Cat Washroom","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.camera_snapshot_ai_notification_on_motion","state":"on","friendlyName":"Camera Snapshot, AI & Notification on Motion","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.loretta_cleans_at_5_30am","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Vacuum cleans at 5:15am","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.vacuum_cleans_at_7_30pm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Vacuum cleans at 7: 10pm","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.front_door_announcement2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Entrance Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_mirror_down2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Mirror - Down","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_mirror_stop2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Mirror - Stop","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_mirror_up2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Mirror - Up","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_door_closed_announcement","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Door Closed Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_pug_detects","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - Pug Detects","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_pug_no_motion","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - Pug No Motion","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_cat_wr_no_motion","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - Cat WR No Motion","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_closet_detects_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - Closet Detects","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_closet_no_motion","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - Closet No Motion","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_lr_detects","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion - LR Detects","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_lr_no_motion","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion - LR No Motion","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_hallway_detects_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion - Hallway Detects","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_hallway_no_motion","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion - Hallway No Motion","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_king_detects","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion - King Detects","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_king_no_motion","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - King No Motion","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_kitchen_detects","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion - Kitchen Detects","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.kitchen_lights_turn_motion_light_on","state":"on","friendlyName":"Kitchen Lights turn Motion Light On","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.kitchen_lights_turn_motion_light_off","state":"on","friendlyName":"Kitchen Lights turn Motion Light Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_kitchen_no_motion","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion - Kitchen No Motion","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_queen_detects_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Motion - Queen Detects","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_queen_no_motion","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - Queen No Motion","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.presence_turns_on_air_freshener","state":"on","friendlyName":"Presence Deactivates Air Freshener","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.dog_timer_reset","state":"on","friendlyName":"Dog Timer Reset","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.hallway_fish_timer_reset","state":"on","friendlyName":"Hallway Fish Timer Reset","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.dryer_announcement","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Dryer Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.wash_complete_announcement","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Wash Complete Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.pug_motion_battery_dead_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Pug Motion Battery Dead","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_cat_cupboard_no_motion","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - Cat Cupboard No Motion","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_cat_cupboard_detects","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - Cat Cupboard Detects","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_cat_low","state":"on","friendlyName":"Volume - Cat Low","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_cat_down_lowest","state":"on","friendlyName":"Volume - Cat Down (Lowest)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_cat_mute","state":"on","friendlyName":"Volume - Cat Mute","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_cat_unmute_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Volume - Cat Unmute","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_cat_high","state":"on","friendlyName":"Volume - Cat High","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.volume_cat_highest","state":"on","friendlyName":"Volume - Cat Highest","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_cat_3_showers","state":"on","friendlyName":"Button - Cat 3 Showers ","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_goodnight","state":"on","friendlyName":"Button - Goodnight","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_cat_litter_reset","state":"on","friendlyName":"Button - Cat Litter Reset","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blind_lr_balcony_close_3","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Balcony Close","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blind_lr_balcony_open","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Balcony Open","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blind_lr_balcony_stop_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Balcony Stop","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blind_lr_close_knob_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Close Knob","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blind_lr_open_knob_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Open Knob","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blind_lr_stop_knob_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Stop Knob","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blinds_king_close_knob_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blinds - King Close Knob","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blinds_king_open_knob_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blinds - King Open Knob","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.blinds_king_stop_knob_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Blinds - King Stop Knob","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_cat_main_shower","state":"on","friendlyName":"Button Press - Shower Cat Main","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_goodbye","state":"on","friendlyName":"Button - Goodbye","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.welcome_home_bryn","state":"on","friendlyName":"Welcome Home Bryn","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.bryn_meds_alarm","state":"off","friendlyName":"Meds - Alarm (Bryn)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_smoke","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Smoke","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.kitchen_smoke","state":"on","friendlyName":"Kitchen Smoke","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.king_windows_close_at_9pm","state":"off","friendlyName":"King Windows Close at 9pm","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.king_windows_open_at_6am","state":"off","friendlyName":"King Windows Open at 6am","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_litter_motion_triggers_vacuum","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Litter Motion Triggers Vacuum","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.windows_king_close","state":"on","friendlyName":"Windows - King Open","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.windows_king_close_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Windows - King Close","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.iphone_call","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iphone call","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.king_cabinet_lights_on","state":"on","friendlyName":"King Cabinet L Lights On","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.king_cabinet_l_lights_off","state":"on","friendlyName":"King Cabinet L Lights Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.king_cabinet_r_lights_on","state":"on","friendlyName":"King Cabinet R Lights On","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.king_cabinet_r_lights_off","state":"on","friendlyName":"King Cabinet R Lights Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.awtrix_list_todo_items","state":"on","friendlyName":"Awtrix List ToDo Items","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_all_off","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - All Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_all_on","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - All On","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.snack_cupboard_announcement","state":"on","friendlyName":"Snack Cupboard Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.snack_cupboard_closed","state":"on","friendlyName":"Snack Cupboard Closed","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_lights_off_turns_humidifier_off","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Cat lights off turns humidifier off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.tv_open_knob","state":"on","friendlyName":"TV open (Knob)","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.lever_lr_tv_close","state":"on","friendlyName":"Lever - LR TV Close","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_cat_fans","state":"on","friendlyName":"Button Press - Cat Fans","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.bryn_meds_reset","state":"on","friendlyName":"Bryn - meds reset","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.pug_lights_off_turn_on_hallway_air_freshener","state":"on","friendlyName":"Pug lights off turn on hallway air freshener","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.front_entrance_door_turns_on_hallway_air_freshener","state":"on","friendlyName":"Front entrance door turns on hallway air freshener","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.washer_dryer_door_turns_on_hallway_air_freshener","state":"on","friendlyName":"Washer dryer door turns on hallway air freshener","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.button_cat_air_freshener_on_20_seconds","state":"on","friendlyName":"Button - Cat Air Freshener On 20 seconds","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_food_motion_opens_food_lid","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Food Motion Opens Food Lid","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.pug_door_turns_on_air_freshener","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pug Door turns on Air freshener","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.placeholder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Placeholder on opens blinds","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.placeholder_off_closes_blinds","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Placeholder off closes blinds","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.goodnight_button_turns_on_sleep_sounds_brown_noise","state":"on","friendlyName":"Goodnight button turns on sleep sounds brown noise","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.water_sensor_wet","state":"on","friendlyName":"Water Sensor Wet","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.entrance_announcement_status","state":"on","friendlyName":"Entrance announcement status","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_water_rascal_announcement","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Cat Water Rascal Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_med_reminder_light_off","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Med Reminder Light Off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.stop_light_web_cam_on","state":"on","friendlyName":"Stop Light - Web Cam On Red","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.stop_light_web_cam_off_green","state":"on","friendlyName":"Stop Light - Web Cam Off Green","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.phone_call","state":"on","friendlyName":"Phone Call","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.bed_occupied_turns_down_cat_volume","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Bed occupied turns down cat volume","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.rascal_cat_food_low","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Rascal Cat Food Low","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.hdmi_monitor_switch_pc","state":"on","friendlyName":"HDMI Monitor Switch PC","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.hdmi_monitor_switch_mac","state":"on","friendlyName":"HDMI monitor switch MAC","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_food_lr_low","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Cat food - LR low","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.usb_camera_switch_pc","state":"on","friendlyName":"USB Camera Switch - MAC","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.new_automation","state":"on","friendlyName":"New automation","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.usb_pc_camera","state":"on","friendlyName":"USB - PC Camera","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.usb_mac_camera","state":"on","friendlyName":"USB - Mac Camera","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_lr_cat_water_detects","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - LR Cat Water Detects","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_lr_cat_water_no_detect","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - LR Cat Water No Detect","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.unical_cat_lights_start_playback","state":"on","friendlyName":"UniCal: Cat Lights - Start Playback","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.unical_confirm_module_reading","state":"on","friendlyName":"UniCal: Confirm Module Reading","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.cat_washroom_knob_volume_playback","state":"on","friendlyName":"Cat Washroom Knob - Volume & Playback","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.motion_cat_wr_detects","state":"on","friendlyName":"Motion - Cat WR Detects","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.unical_voice_confirm_yes","state":"on","friendlyName":"UniCal: Voice Confirm Yes","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.stop_chum_fm_when_bathroom_lights_turn_off","state":"on","friendlyName":"Stop CHUM FM when bathroom lights turn off","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.rascal_meds_timer","state":"off","friendlyName":"Rascal Meds Timer","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.rascal_meds_timer_announcement","state":"off","friendlyName":"Rascal Meds Timer Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"automation.rascal_meds_timer_alexa_announcement","state":"off","friendlyName":"Rascal Meds Timer Alexa Announcement","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_queen_bed_r_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (R) AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_queen_bed_l_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (L) AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_queen_balcony_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Balcony AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.queen_bedroom","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Queen Bedroom","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.tablet_hallway","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_balcony_am","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Balcony AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.bryn_s_fire_tv","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire TV","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.tablet_cat_wall","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Wall","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.tablet_hallway_entrance","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Entrance","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.tablet_cat","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.tablet_queen","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.tablet_11","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - LR 11","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_show_pug_am","state":"playing","friendlyName":"Echo Show - Pug AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.fire_tv_cube","state":"playing","friendlyName":"Fire TV Cube","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.bryn_s_2nd_fire_tv","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Bryn's 2nd Fire TV","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_kitchen_cupboards_r_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (R) AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_hallway_fish_am","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (R)","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.bryn_s_fire","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.bryn_s_2nd_fire","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Bryn's 2nd Fire","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.bryn_s_3rd_fire","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Bryn's 3rd Fire","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_cat_left_am","state":"paused","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Left) AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_cat_right_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Right) AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_hallway_entrance_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Entrance AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_kitchen_island_corner_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Island Corner AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_kitchen_studio_black_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Studio Black AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_kitchen_cupboards_left_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (Left) AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_kitchen_hutch_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Hutch AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_lr_studio_white_am","state":"playing","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Studio White AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_lr_couch_l_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (L) AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_lr_couch_r_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Corner","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_lr_hub_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.hallway","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Hallway","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_lr_tv_shelf_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - LR TV Shelf AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_king_l_am","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_king_tv_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - King TV AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_closet_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Closet AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.king_bedroom","state":"idle","friendlyName":"King Bedroom","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_cat_washroom_middle","state":"paused","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat Middle","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_king_r_am","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.echo_kitchen_fridge_am","state":"idle","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Fridge AM","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.byhome","state":"idle","friendlyName":"BYhome","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.fire_stick_cat_wr","state":"paused","friendlyName":"Fire Stick - Cat WR","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.home_theater","state":"paused","friendlyName":"Home Theater","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.this_device_2","state":"idle","friendlyName":"This Device","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_queen_bed_r_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (R) AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_queen_bed_r_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (R) AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_queen_bed_r_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (R) AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_queen_bed_l_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (L) AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_queen_bed_l_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (L) AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_queen_bed_l_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (L) AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_queen_balcony_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Balcony AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_queen_balcony_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Balcony AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_queen_balcony_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Balcony AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.queen_bedroom_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Queen Bedroom Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.queen_bedroom_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Queen Bedroom Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.queen_bedroom_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Queen Bedroom Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.tablet_hallway_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_balcony_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Balcony AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_balcony_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Balcony AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_balcony_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Balcony AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.bryn_s_fire_tv_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire TV Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.tablet_cat_wall_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Wall Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.tablet_hallway_entrance_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Entrance Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.tablet_cat_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.tablet_queen_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.tablet_11_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - LR 11 Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_show_pug_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo Show - Pug AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_show_pug_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo Show - Pug AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_show_pug_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo Show - Pug AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fire_tv_cube_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fire TV Cube Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fire_tv_cube_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fire TV Cube Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fire_tv_cube_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fire TV Cube Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.bryn_s_2nd_fire_tv_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bryn's 2nd Fire TV Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_cupboards_r_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (R) AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_cupboards_r_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (R) AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_cupboards_r_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (R) AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_hallway_fish_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (R) Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_hallway_fish_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (R) Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_hallway_fish_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (R) Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.bryn_s_fire_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.bryn_s_2nd_fire_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bryn's 2nd Fire Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.bryn_s_3rd_fire_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Bryn's 3rd Fire Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_cat_left_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Left) AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_cat_left_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Left) AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_cat_left_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Left) AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_cat_right_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Right) AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_cat_right_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Right) AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_cat_right_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Right) AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_hallway_entrance_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Entrance AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_hallway_entrance_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Entrance AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_hallway_entrance_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Entrance AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_island_corner_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Island Corner AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_island_corner_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Island Corner AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_island_corner_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Island Corner AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_studio_black_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Studio Black AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_studio_black_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Studio Black AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_studio_black_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Studio Black AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_cupboards_left_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (Left) AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_cupboards_left_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (Left) AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_cupboards_left_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (Left) AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_hutch_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Hutch AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_hutch_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Hutch AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_hutch_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Hutch AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_studio_white_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Studio White AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_studio_white_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Studio White AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_studio_white_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Studio White AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_couch_l_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (L) AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_couch_l_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (L) AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_couch_l_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (L) AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_couch_r_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Corner Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_couch_r_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Corner Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_couch_r_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Corner Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_hub_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_hub_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_hub_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.hallway_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Hallway Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.hallway_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Hallway Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.hallway_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Hallway Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_tv_shelf_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - LR TV Shelf AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_tv_shelf_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR TV Shelf AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_lr_tv_shelf_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR TV Shelf AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_king_l_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_king_l_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_king_l_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_king_tv_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - King TV AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_king_tv_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King TV AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_king_tv_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King TV AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_closet_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Closet AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_closet_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Closet AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_closet_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Closet AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.king_bedroom_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"King Bedroom Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.king_bedroom_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"King Bedroom Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.king_bedroom_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"King Bedroom Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_cat_washroom_middle_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat Middle Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_cat_washroom_middle_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat Middle Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_cat_washroom_middle_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat Middle Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_king_r_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_king_r_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_king_r_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_fridge_am_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Fridge AM Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_fridge_am_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Fridge AM Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.echo_kitchen_fridge_am_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Fridge AM Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.byhome_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"BYhome Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.byhome_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"BYhome Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.byhome_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"BYhome Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fire_stick_cat_wr_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fire Stick - Cat WR Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.home_theater_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"Home Theater Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.home_theater_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Home Theater Shuffle","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.home_theater_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Home Theater Repeat","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.this_device_do_not_disturb_switch","state":"off","friendlyName":"This Device Do not disturb","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_queen_bed_r_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (R) AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_queen_bed_r_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (R) AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_queen_bed_r_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (R) AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_queen_bed_l_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (L) AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_queen_bed_l_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (L) AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_queen_bed_l_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Bed (L) AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_queen_balcony_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Balcony AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_queen_balcony_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Balcony AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_queen_balcony_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Queen Balcony AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_balcony_am_next_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Balcony AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_balcony_am_next_timer","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Balcony AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_balcony_am_next_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - Balcony AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_fire_tv_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire TV Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_fire_tv_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire TV Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_fire_tv_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire TV Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_wall_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Wall Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_wall_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Wall Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_wall_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Wall Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_entrance_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Entrance Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_entrance_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Entrance Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_hallway_entrance_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Hallway Entrance Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_cat_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Cat Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_queen_next_alarm_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_queen_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_queen_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Tablet - Queen Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_11_next_alarm_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - LR 11 Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_11_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - LR 11 Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.tablet_11_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - LR 11 Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_show_pug_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo Show - Pug AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_show_pug_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo Show - Pug AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_show_pug_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo Show - Pug AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tv_cube_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire TV Cube Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tv_cube_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire TV Cube Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_tv_cube_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire TV Cube Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_2nd_fire_tv_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's 2nd Fire TV Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_2nd_fire_tv_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's 2nd Fire TV Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_2nd_fire_tv_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's 2nd Fire TV Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_cupboards_r_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (R) AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_cupboards_r_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (R) AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_cupboards_r_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (R) AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_hallway_fish_am_next_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (R) Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_hallway_fish_am_next_timer","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (R) Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_hallway_fish_am_next_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (R) Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_fire_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_fire_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_fire_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_2nd_fire_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's 2nd Fire Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_2nd_fire_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's 2nd Fire Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_2nd_fire_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's 2nd Fire Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_3rd_fire_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's 3rd Fire Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_3rd_fire_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's 3rd Fire Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bryn_s_3rd_fire_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Bryn's 3rd Fire Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_cat_left_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Left) AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_cat_left_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Left) AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_cat_left_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Left) AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_cat_right_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Right) AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_cat_right_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Right) AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_cat_right_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat (Right) AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_hallway_entrance_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Entrance AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_hallway_entrance_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Entrance AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_hallway_entrance_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Entrance AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_island_corner_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Island Corner AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_island_corner_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Island Corner AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_island_corner_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Island Corner AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_studio_black_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Studio Black AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_studio_black_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Studio Black AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_studio_black_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Studio Black AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_cupboards_left_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (Left) AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_cupboards_left_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (Left) AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_cupboards_left_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Cupboards (Left) AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_hutch_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Hutch AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_hutch_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Hutch AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_hutch_am_next_reminder","state":"2026-05-14T00:00:00+00:00","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Hutch AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_studio_white_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Studio White AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_studio_white_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Studio White AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_studio_white_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Studio White AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_couch_l_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (L) AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_couch_l_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (L) AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_couch_l_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Couch (L) AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_couch_r_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Corner Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_couch_r_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Corner Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_couch_r_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Hallway Corner Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_hub_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_hub_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_hub_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_tv_shelf_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR TV Shelf AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_tv_shelf_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR TV Shelf AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_tv_shelf_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - LR TV Shelf AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_l_am_next_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_l_am_next_timer","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_l_am_next_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_tv_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - King TV AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_tv_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - King TV AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_tv_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - King TV AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_closet_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Closet AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_closet_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Closet AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_closet_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Closet AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_cat_washroom_middle_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat Middle Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_cat_washroom_middle_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat Middle Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_cat_washroom_middle_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Cat Middle Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_r_am_next_alarm","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_r_am_next_timer","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_r_am_next_reminder","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_fridge_am_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Fridge AM Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_fridge_am_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Fridge AM Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_kitchen_fridge_am_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - Kitchen Fridge AM Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_stick_cat_wr_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Stick - Cat WR Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_stick_cat_wr_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Stick - Cat WR Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fire_stick_cat_wr_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fire Stick - Cat WR Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.this_device_next_alarm","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"This Device Next alarm","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.this_device_next_timer","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"This Device Next timer","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.this_device_next_reminder","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"This Device Next reminder","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_hub_am_temperature_4","state":"26.5","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_r_am_temperature_4","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_temperature","state":"22.25","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_temperature","state":"26.5","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_l_am_temperature_4","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_humidity_2","state":"46.0","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_carbon_monoxide_2","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Carbon monoxide","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_volatile_organic_compounds_2","state":"8.0","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Volatile organic compounds","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_indoor_air_quality_2","state":"90.0","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Indoor air quality","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_particulate_matter_2","state":"1.0","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Particulate matter","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_humidity_2","state":"37.0","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_carbon_monoxide_2","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Carbon monoxide","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_volatile_organic_compounds_2","state":"8.0","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Volatile organic compounds","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_indoor_air_quality_2","state":"90.0","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Indoor air quality","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_particulate_matter_2","state":"1.0","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Particulate matter","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.gateway_lr_emylo_problem","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Gateway - LR Emylo Problem","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.sensor_balcony_door_door","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Sensor - Balcony Door Door","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.button_pug_sos_safety","state":"off","friendlyName":"Button - Pug SOS Safety","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.button_cat_sos_safety","state":"off","friendlyName":"Button - Cat SOS Safety","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fridge_door_qb_door","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fridge Door QB Door","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.sensor_kitchen_smoke_smoke","state":"off","friendlyName":"Sensor - Kitchen Smoke Smoke","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.sensor_cat_smoke_smoke","state":"off","friendlyName":"Sensor - Cat Smoke Smoke","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"button.snow_self_cleaning_litter_box_2_manual_clean","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"SNOW⁺ Self-Cleaning Litter Box 2 Manual clean","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"climate.itc_308_wifi","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Heater - LR Aquarium","domain":"climate"},{"entityId":"cover.pully_motor_curtain","state":"open","friendlyName":"Pully Motor Curtain","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"cover.pulley_cat_mirror_curtain","state":"open","friendlyName":"Pulley - Cat Mirror Curtain","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"cover.blind_queen_curtain","state":"closed","friendlyName":"Blind - Queen Curtain","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"cover.blind_king_l_curtain","state":"open","friendlyName":"Blind - King L Curtain","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"cover.blind_king_r_curtain","state":"open","friendlyName":"Blind - King R Curtain","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"cover.blind_queen_closet_r_curtain","state":"open","friendlyName":"Blind - Queen Closet R Curtain","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"cover.blind_queen_closet_l_curtain","state":"open","friendlyName":"Blind - Queen Closet L Curtain","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"cover.blind_lr_curtain","state":"closed","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Curtain","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"cover.blind_lr_balcony2_curtain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Balcony2 Curtain","domain":"cover"},{"entityId":"event.wireless_switch_button_1","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"HDMI Button","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"event.wireless_switch_button_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"USB Button","domain":"event"},{"entityId":"fan.fan_king","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fan - King","domain":"fan"},{"entityId":"fan.air_purifier_king","state":"off","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - King","domain":"fan"},{"entityId":"fan.air_purifier_cat","state":"on","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat","domain":"fan"},{"entityId":"fan.dehumidifier_h12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Dehumidifier - Cat","domain":"fan"},{"entityId":"humidifier.dehumidifier_h12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Dehumidifier - Cat","domain":"humidifier"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_shower","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shower","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_pug_shower","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Pug Shower","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_spot","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Spot","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_mirror","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Mirror","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_lamp_up","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Lamp (Down)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_tv_cabinet","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR TV Cabinet","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_spot","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Spot","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_bed_left","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Bed Left","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_floor_r","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - King Floor R","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_track_5","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Track 5","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_entrance","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Entrance ","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_floor_l_3","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Floor L","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_bulb_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Bulb 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_tv_r","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King TV R","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_beside_balcony_colour","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Beside Balcony Colour","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_behind_couch_colour","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Behind Couch Colour","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.air_purifier_king_backlight","state":"off","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - King Backlight","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_ladder","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Ladder","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_track_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Track 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_track_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Track 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_track_6","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Track 6","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_track_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Track 5","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_pug_mirror","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Pug Mirror","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_hb_l","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King HB L","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_above_bed_r","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Above Bed R","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_above_bed_l","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Above Bed L","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_below_bed_l","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Below Bed L","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Track 6","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Track 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_sconce_l","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Sconce L","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_sconce_r_down","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Sconce (R) Down","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_sconce_r_up","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - LR Sconce (R) Up","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_sconce_l_down","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Sconce (L) Down","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.clock_king_sunrise","state":"off","friendlyName":"Clock - King SunRise","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_below_bed_r","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Below Bed R","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_pug_sky","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Pug Sky","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_pug_up","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Pug Down","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_pug_toilet","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Pug Toilet","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_sconce_l_up","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Sconce (L) Up","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_track_6","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Track 6","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_track_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Track 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_track_3","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Track 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_track_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Track 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_track_4","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Track 4","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_track_5","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Track 5","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_down","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat (Down)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_pug_up2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Pug Up2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_up","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Up","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_sconce_r_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Sconce R","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_track_4","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Track 4","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_bulb_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Bulb 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_track_3","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Track 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_hb_right","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King HB (Right)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_bulb_3","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Bulb 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_lamp_down2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Lamp (Up)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_tv_l_2_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - King TV (L)2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_island_corner2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Island Corner2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.snow_self_cleaning_litter_box_2_light","state":"on","friendlyName":"SNOW⁺ Self-Cleaning Litter Box 2 Light","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_toilet","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Toilet","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_track_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - King Track 4","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.led_light_14","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Track 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.lvwit_smart_light","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Med Reminder","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.cabismart_rgbcw_v2_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Bar - Kitchen Cupboards","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.led_light_18","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - King Track 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.cabismart_rgbcw","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Cupboards LED","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.filament_rgbcw_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Shelf2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.smart_gu10_light_bulb","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Track 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.smart_gu10_light_bulb_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Track 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.smart_gu10_light_bulb_3","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Track 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_5","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Track (5)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Track (1)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_4","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Track (4)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Track (2)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_track_3_3","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Track (3)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_track_6","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Track (6)","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.led_light_25","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat SpotNN","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"number.clock_king_sunrise_volume","state":"5.0","friendlyName":"Clock - King SunRise Volume","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fingerbot_lr_ha_power_move_down","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fingerbot - LR HA Power Move down","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fingerbot_lr_ha_power_move_up","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fingerbot - LR HA Power Move up","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.fingerbot_lr_ha_power_down_delay","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fingerbot - LR HA Power Down delay","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.snow_self_cleaning_litter_box_2_delay_clean_time","state":"6.0","friendlyName":"SNOW⁺ Self-Cleaning Litter Box 2 Delay clean time","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"select.pully_motor_motor_mode","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Pully Motor Motor mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.pulley_cat_mirror_motor_mode","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Pulley - Cat Mirror Motor mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_closet_shelves_r_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Shelves R Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_closet_shelves_r_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Shelves R Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_closet_pantry_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Pantry Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_closet_pantry_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Pantry Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_elephant_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - LR Elephant Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_elephant_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - LR Elephant Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.blind_queen_motor_mode","state":"back","friendlyName":"Blind - Queen Motor mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.blind_king_l_motor_mode","state":"forward","friendlyName":"Blind - King L Motor mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.shower_cat_main_weather_delay","state":"cancel","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat Main Weather delay","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.shower_cat2_weather_delay","state":"cancel","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat2 Weather delay","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.shower_cat3_weather_delay","state":"cancel","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat3 Weather delay","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_towels_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Towels Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_towels_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Towels Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.blind_king_r_motor_mode","state":"back","friendlyName":"Blind - King R Motor mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.blind_lr_motor_mode","state":"back","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Motor mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_cupboard_shelves_led_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Cupboard Shelves LED Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_cupboard_shelves_led_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Cupboard Shelves LED Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.gateway_lr_bluetooth_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Gateway - LR Bluetooth Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_kitchen_hutch_fountain_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Hutch Fountain Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_kitchen_hutch_fountain_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Hutch Fountain Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_kitchen_hutch_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Hutch Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_kitchen_hutch_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Hutch Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_cat_wr_mini_fountain_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat WR Mini Fountain Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_cat_wr_mini_fountain_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat WR Mini Fountain Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_kitchen_work_headset_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Work Headset Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_kitchen_work_headset_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Work Headset Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_kitchen_work_docker_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Work Docker Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_kitchen_work_docker_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Work Docker Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_pug_led_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Pug LED Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_pug_led_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Pug LED Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_shelves_led3_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED3 Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_shelves_led3_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED3 Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fingerbot_lr_ha_power_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fingerbot - LR HA Power Mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_hallway_ybhome_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway YBhome Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_hallway_ybhome_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway YBhome Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_hallway_hutch_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Hutch & Mirror Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_hallway_hutch_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Hutch & Mirror Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_kitchen_duct_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Duct Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_kitchen_duct_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Duct Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_waterfall_accent_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Accent Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_waterfall_accent_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Accent Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_waterfall_pond_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Pond Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_waterfall_pond_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Pond Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_fountain_mist_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - LR Fountain Mist Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_fountain_mist_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - LR Fountain Mist Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_kitchen_cat_food_beacon_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Cat Food Beacon Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_kitchen_cat_food_beacon_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Cat Food Beacon Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_rainbow1_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Rainbow1 Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_rainbow1_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Rainbow1 Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.lights_rainbow2_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Lights - Rainbow2 Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.lights_rainbow2_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Lights - Rainbow2 Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_shelves_led4_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED4 Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_shelves_led4_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED4 Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_air_freshener_selby_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - Air Freshener Selby Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_air_freshener_selby_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - Air Freshener Selby Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_hallway_entrance_work_beacon_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Entrance Work Beacon Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_hallway_entrance_work_beacon_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Entrance Work Beacon Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_king_red_work_beacon_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - King Red Work Beacon Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_king_red_work_beacon_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - King Red Work Beacon Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_rainbow3_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - LR Rainbow3 Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_rainbow3_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - LR Rainbow3 Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_kitchen_potpourri_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Potpourri Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_kitchen_potpourri_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Potpourri Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.blind_lr_balcony2_motor_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Blind - LR Balcony2 Motor mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_led_up2_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Cat LED up2 Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_led_up2_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Cat LED up2 Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_thanksgiving_lights_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Thanksgiving Lights Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_thanksgiving_lights_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Thanksgiving Lights Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_hallway_cat_house_power_on_behavior_2","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Cat House Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_hallway_cat_house_indicator_light_mode_2","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Cat House Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_hallway_candle_burner_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Candle Burner Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_hallway_candle_burner_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Candle Burner Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_arch_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - LR Arch Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_lr_arch_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - LR Arch Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_picturen_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Picture Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_picturen_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Picture Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_kitchen_white_beacon_dryer_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen White Beacon (Dryer) Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_kitchen_white_beacon_dryer_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen White Beacon (Dryer) Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_black2_plug_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Black2 Plug Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.fan_cat_black2_plug_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Black2 Plug Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_closet_shelves_l_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Shelves L Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_closet_shelves_l_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Shelves L Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_king_cupboard_l_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - King Cupboard (L) Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_king_cupboard_l_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - King Cupboard (L) Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_king_cupboard_r_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - King Cupboard (R) Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_king_cupboard_r_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - King Cupboard (R) Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_shelves_led_3_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED 3 Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.light_cat_shelves_led_3_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED 3 Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_hallway_air_freshener_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Air Freshener Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_hallway_air_freshener_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Air Freshener Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_king_projector_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - King Projector Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_king_projector_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - King Projector Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_cat_air_fresheher_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat Air Fresheher Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_cat_air_fresheher_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat Air Fresheher Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_6_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Mirror Light Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_6_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Mirror Light Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_7_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat Humidifier Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_7_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat Humidifier Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.dehumidifier_h12_countdown","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Dehumidifier - Cat Countdown","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_9_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - LR Rainbow Heart Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_9_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - LR Rainbow Heart Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_10_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Purple Beacon Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_10_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Purple Beacon Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_11_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Heart2 Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_11_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Heart2 Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_13_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - LR Cat Water Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_13_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - LR Cat Water Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_14_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Recycling Light Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_14_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Recycling Light Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_15_power_on_behavior","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Utility Cart Light Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_15_indicator_light_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Utility Cart Light Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_16_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - Cabinet strip lights Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_16_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - Cabinet strip lights Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_aquarium_shelf_light_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Plug - Aquarium Shelf Light Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.plug_aquarium_shelf_light_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Plug - Aquarium Shelf Light Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_18_power_on_behavior","state":"last","friendlyName":"Fan - Queen Black Power-on behavior","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"select.smart_plug_18_indicator_light_mode","state":"relay","friendlyName":"Fan - Queen Black Indicator light mode","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"sensor.formaldehyde_detector_kitchen_carbon_dioxide","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Formaldehyde Detector - Kitchen Carbon dioxide","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.formaldehyde_detector_kitchen_vocs","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Formaldehyde Detector - Kitchen Volatile organic compounds","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.formaldehyde_detector_kitchen_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Formaldehyde Detector - Kitchen Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.formaldehyde_detector_kitchen_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Formaldehyde Detector - Kitchen Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.formaldehyde_detector_kitchen_formaldehyde","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Formaldehyde Detector - Kitchen Formaldehyde","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.air_purifier_king_filter_utilization","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - King Filter utilization","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.air_purifier_king_pm2_5","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - King PM2.5","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.air_purifier_king_total_operating_time","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - King Total operating time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.air_purifier_king_total_absorption_of_particles","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - King Total absorption of particles","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.air_purifier_king_air_quality","state":"great","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - King Air quality","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.shower_cat_main_battery","state":"40.0","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat Main Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.shower_cat_main_battery_state","state":"middle","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat Main Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.shower_cat2_battery","state":"60.0","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat2 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.shower_cat2_battery_state","state":"high","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat2 Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.shower_cat3_battery","state":"60.0","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat3 Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.shower_cat3_battery_state","state":"high","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat3 Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sensor_balcony_door_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Sensor - Balcony Door Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fingerbot_lr_ha_power_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fingerbot - LR HA Power Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.shower_pug_bluetooth_battery_state","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Shower - Pug Bluetooth Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_pug_sos_battery","state":"100.0","friendlyName":"Button - Pug SOS Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.button_cat_sos_battery","state":"100.0","friendlyName":"Button - Cat SOS Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fridge_door_qb_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fridge Door QB Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.air_purifier_cat_pm2_5","state":"1.0","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat PM2.5","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fountain_hallway_cat_water_pump_duration","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Fountain - Hallway Cat Water pump duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fountain_hallway_cat_filter_duration","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Fountain - Hallway Cat Filter duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sensor_kitchen_smoke_smoke_amount","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Sensor - Kitchen Smoke Smoke amount","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sensor_kitchen_smoke_battery","state":"63.0","friendlyName":"Sensor - Kitchen Smoke Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sensor_kitchen_smoke_battery_state","state":"middle","friendlyName":"Sensor - Kitchen Smoke Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sensor_cat_smoke_smoke_amount","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Sensor - Cat Smoke Smoke amount","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sensor_cat_smoke_battery","state":"67.0","friendlyName":"Sensor - Cat Smoke Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sensor_cat_smoke_battery_state","state":"middle","friendlyName":"Sensor - Cat Smoke Battery state","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.snow_self_cleaning_litter_box_2_cat_weight","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"SNOW⁺ Self-Cleaning Litter Box 2 Cat weight","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.snow_self_cleaning_litter_box_2_excretion_time_day","state":"1171.0","friendlyName":"SNOW⁺ Self-Cleaning Litter Box 2 Excretion duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.snow_self_cleaning_litter_box_2_excretion_times_day","state":"6.0","friendlyName":"SNOW⁺ Self-Cleaning Litter Box 2 Excretion times (day)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.snow_self_cleaning_litter_box_2_status","state":"standby","friendlyName":"SNOW⁺ Self-Cleaning Litter Box 2 Status","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.wireless_switch_battery","state":"100.0","friendlyName":"Switch - LR HDMI USB Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.wf350_pet_water_fountain_water_pump_duration","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Fountain - LR Cat4 Water pump duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.wf350_pet_water_fountain_filter_duration","state":"6.0","friendlyName":"Fountain - LR Cat4 Filter duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_behind_couch_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Behind Couch Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_queen_shelf_led_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Shelf LED Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_queen_shelf_led_socket_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Shelf LED Socket 2","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_cat_beacon_red_socket","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat Beacon Red Socket","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_cat_water_beacon_socket","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Cat Water Beacon","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_shelves_led1_socket","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED1 Socket","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_black_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat B Fan Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.air_purifier_king_filter_cartridge_reset","state":"on","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - King Filter cartridge reset","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.air_purifier_king_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - King Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.air_purifier_king_power","state":"off","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - King Power","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_closet_shelves_r_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Shelves R Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_closet_shelves_r_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Shelves R Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_closet_pantry_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Pantry Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_closet_pantry_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Pantry Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_king_on_air_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King On Air Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_shelves_led2_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED2 Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_elephant_child_lock","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Elephant Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_elephant_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Elephant Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_beside_balcony_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Beside Balcony  Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_towels_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Towels Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_towels_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Towels","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_queen_closet_storage_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Closet Storage Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_queen_white_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fan - Queen White Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_amber_laundry_beacon_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Amber Laundry Beacon Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_cupboard_shelves_led_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Cupboard Shelves LED Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_cupboard_shelves_led_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Cupboard Shelves LED Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.clock_king_sunrise_snooze","state":"off","friendlyName":"Clock - King SunRise Snooze","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_waterfall_plug_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Plug Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_red_beacon_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Red Beacon Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_kitchen_hutch_fountain_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Hutch Fountain Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_kitchen_hutch_fountain_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Hutch Fountain Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_hutch_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Hutch Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_hutch_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Hutch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_cat_wr_mini_fountain_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat WR Mini Fountain Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_cat_wr_mini_fountain_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat WR Fountain Plug","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_kitchen_work_headset_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Work Headset Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_kitchen_work_headset_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Work Headset Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_kitchen_work_docker_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Work Docker Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_kitchen_work_docker_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Work Docker Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_pug_led_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Pug LED Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_pug_led_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Pug LED Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_shelves_led3_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED3 Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_shelves_led3_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED3","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fingerbot_lr_ha_power_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fingerbot - LR HA Power Switch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_hallway_ybhome_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway YBhome Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_hallway_ybhome_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway YBhome Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_hallway_hutch_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Hutch & Mirror Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_hallway_hutch_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Hutch & Mirror","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_duct_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Duct Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_duct_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Duct","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_waterfall_accent_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Accent Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_waterfall_accent_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Accent Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_waterfall_pond_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Pond Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_waterfall_pond_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Waterfall Pond Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_fountain_mist_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - LR Fountain Mist Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_fountain_mist_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - LR Fountain Mist Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_cat_food_beacon_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Cat Food Beacon Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_cat_food_beacon_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Cat Food Beacon Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_rainbow1_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Rainbow1 Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_rainbow1_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Rainbow1 Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.lights_rainbow2_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Lights - Rainbow2 Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.lights_rainbow2_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Lights - Rainbow2 Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_shelves_led4_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED4 Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_shelves_led4_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED4 Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_air_freshener_selby_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Air Freshener Selby Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_air_freshener_selby_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Air Freshener Selby Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_hallway_entrance_work_beacon_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Entrance Work Beacon Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_hallway_entrance_work_beacon_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Entrance Work Beacon Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_king_red_work_beacon_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - King Red Work Beacon Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_king_red_work_beacon_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - King Red Work Beacon Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_rainbow3_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - LR Rainbow3 Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_rainbow3_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Rainbow3 Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_kitchen_potpourri_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Potpourri Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_kitchen_potpourri_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Potpourri Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_led_up2_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat LED up2 Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_led_up2_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat LED up2 Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_thanksgiving_lights_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Thanksgiving Lights Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_thanksgiving_lights_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Thanksgiving Lights Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.air_purifier_cat_power","state":"on","friendlyName":"Air Purifier - Cat Power","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_hallway_cat_house_child_lock_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Cat House Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_hallway_cat_house_socket_1_2","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Cat House Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_hallway_candle_burner_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Candle Burner Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_hallway_candle_burner_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Candle Burner Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_arch_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - LR Arch Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_arch_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Light - LR Arch Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_picturen_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Picture Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_picturen_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Picture Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_white_beacon_dryer_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen White Beacon (Dryer) Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_white_beacon_dryer_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen White Beacon (Dryer) Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_black2_plug_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Black2 Plug Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_cat_black2_plug_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fan - Cat Black2 Plug Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fountain_hallway_cat_filter_reset","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fountain - Hallway Cat Filter reset","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fountain_hallway_cat_water_pump_reset","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fountain - Hallway Cat Water pump reset","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fountain_hallway_cat_power","state":"on","friendlyName":"Fountain - Hallway Cat Power","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fountain_hallway_cat_reset_of_water_usage_days","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fountain - Hallway Cat Reset of water usage days","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_closet_shelves_l_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Shelves L Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_closet_shelves_l_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Shelves L Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.sensor_kitchen_smoke_mute","state":"off","friendlyName":"Sensor - Kitchen Smoke Mute","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.sensor_cat_smoke_mute","state":"off","friendlyName":"Sensor - Cat Smoke Mute","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_king_cupboard_l_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Cupboard (L) Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_king_cupboard_l_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Cupboard (L) Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_king_cupboard_r_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Cupboard (R) Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_king_cupboard_r_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - King Cupboard (R) Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_shelves_led_3_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED 3 Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_shelves_led_3_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Shelves LED 3 Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.snow_self_cleaning_litter_box_2_auto_clean","state":"on","friendlyName":"SNOW⁺ Self-Cleaning Litter Box 2 Auto clean","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_hallway_air_freshener_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Air Freshener Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_hallway_air_freshener_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Air Freshener Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_king_projector_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - King Projector Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_king_projector_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - King Projector Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_cat_air_fresheher_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat Air Fresheher Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_cat_air_fresheher_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat Air Fresheher Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_6_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Mirror Light Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_6_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Hallway Mirror Light Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_7_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat Humidifier Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_7_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Cat Humidifier Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_9_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - LR Rainbow Heart Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_9_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - LR Rainbow Heart Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_10_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Purple Beacon Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_10_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Purple Beacon Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_11_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Heart2 Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_11_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Heart2 Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_13_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - LR Cat Water Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_13_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Plug - LR Cat Water Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_14_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Recycling Light Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_14_socket_1","state":"on","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Recycling Light Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_15_child_lock","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Utility Cart Light Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_15_socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug - Kitchen Utility Cart Light Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_16_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Cabinet strip lights Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_16_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Cabinet strip lights Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.wf350_pet_water_fountain_filter_reset","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fountain - LR Cat4 Filter reset","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.wf350_pet_water_fountain_water_pump_reset","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fountain - LR Cat4 Water pump reset","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.wf350_pet_water_fountain_power","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fountain - LR Cat4 Power","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_aquarium_shelf_light_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Aquarium Shelf Light Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_aquarium_shelf_light_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Plug - Aquarium Shelf Light Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_hutch_socket_1_2","state":"off","friendlyName":"Light - Cat Hutch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_18_child_lock","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fan - Queen Black Child lock","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.smart_plug_18_socket_1","state":"off","friendlyName":"Fan - Queen Black Socket 1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"valve.shower_cat_main_valve","state":"closed","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat Main Valve","domain":"valve"},{"entityId":"valve.shower_cat2_valve","state":"closed","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat2 Valve","domain":"valve"},{"entityId":"valve.shower_cat3_valve","state":"closed","friendlyName":"Shower - Cat3 Valve","domain":"valve"},{"entityId":"valve.shower_pug_bluetooth_valve","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Shower - Pug Bluetooth Valve","domain":"valve"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_on","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn On","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_off","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn Off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_all_on","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn On","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_all_off","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn Off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_all_on_5","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn On","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_all_off_5","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn Off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_all_on_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn On","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_all_off_2","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn Off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_all_on_3","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn On","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_all_off_3","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn Off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_all_on_4","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn On","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.turn_all_off_4","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Turn Off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.cat_water_lr_off","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Cat Water LR off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.cat_water_lr_on","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Cat Water LR on","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.lever_tv_stop","state":"2026-04-16T06:31:08.216925+00:00","friendlyName":"Lever - TV Stop","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.lever_tv_close","state":"2026-04-16T06:30:50.960438+00:00","friendlyName":"Lever - TV Close","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.lever_tv_open","state":"2026-04-16T02:39:02.088849+00:00","friendlyName":"Lever - TV Open","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.cat_food_full_light_off","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Cat Food Full - Light Off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.button_king_close_closes_windows","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button - King (Close) Closes Windows","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.button_king_open_opens_windows","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button - King (Open) Opens Windows","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.pulley_cat_mirror_stop","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Pulley - Cat Mirror Stop","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.pulley_cat_mirror_up","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Pulley - Cat Mirror Up","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.pulley_cat_mirror_down","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Pulley - Cat Mirror Down","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.pulley_stop","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Pulley Stop","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.pulley_down2","state":"2026-04-17T21:12:53.321309+00:00","friendlyName":"Pulley (Down2)","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.pulley_up2","state":"2026-04-17T21:37:54.352959+00:00","friendlyName":"Pulley (Up2)","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.cat_leaves_litter_light_off","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Cat leaves litter light off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.cat_enters_litter_light_on","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Cat enters litter light on","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.clean_petsnowy","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Clean PetSnowy","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.cat_light_led_up_on","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Cat - Light LED up on","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.cat_light_led_up_off","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Cat light  - LED up off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blinds_lr_both_open","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blinds - LR Both Open","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blinds_lr_both_closed","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blinds - LR Both Closed","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blinds_lr_balcony_continue","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blinds - LR Balcony Continue","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blinds_lr_balcony_stop","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blinds - LR Balcony Stop","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blinds_lr_balcony_close","state":"2026-04-03T11:55:42.299631+00:00","friendlyName":"Blinds - LR Balcony Close","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blinds_lr_balcony_open","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blinds - LR Balcony Open","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.air_freshener_pug_off","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Air Freshener - Pug Off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.air_freshener_pug_on","state":"2026-04-18T01:06:25.588381+00:00","friendlyName":"Air Freshener - Pug On","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.air_freshener_hallway_off_scene","state":"2026-04-18T02:29:55.577618+00:00","friendlyName":"Air Freshener - Hallway Off Scene","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.air_freshener_hallway_on_scene","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Air Freshener - Hallway On Scene","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.fingerbot_ha_power_toggle","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Fingerbot - HA Power Toggle","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.showers_3_off","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Showers 3 Off","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.light_lr_behind_couch_colour_scene_mode_rainbow","state":"2026-04-17T15:56:33.564159+00:00","friendlyName":"\"Light - LR Behind Couch (Colour)\" Scene mode:Rainbow","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.light_lr_beside_balcony_colour_scene_mode_rainbow","state":"2026-04-17T15:56:33.663906+00:00","friendlyName":"\"Light - LR Beside Balcony Colour\" Scene mode:Rainbow","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blind_lr_close","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blind - LR (Close)","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blind_lr_open","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blind - LR (Open)","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.cat_food_low","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Cat Food Low","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blinds_queen_closet_open","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blinds - Queen Closet: Open","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blinds_queen_closet_close","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blinds - Queen Closet: Close","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.shower_3_on","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Shower - 3 ON","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.shower_cat_main_switch_on","state":"2026-03-24T14:44:02.736126+00:00","friendlyName":"\"Shower - Cat Main\" Switch:On","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blind_queen_open","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blind - Queen Close","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"scene.blind_queen_shut","state":"unknown","friendlyName":"Blind - Queen Open","domain":"scene"},{"entityId":"calendar.calendar_bryn_kai_hendricks_outlook_com","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calendar","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"media_player.this_device","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"This Device","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.toronto_precipitation_yesterday","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Precipitation yesterday","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_cat_tp_beacon","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Rings","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_cat_tp_beacon_led","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.0788c3e1_ca6dcaeb_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.0788c3e1_ca6dcaeb_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.0788c3e1_ca6dcaeb_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.0788c3e1_ca6dcaeb_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.0788c3e1_ca6dcaeb_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.0788c3e1_ca6dcaeb_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.0788c3e1_ca6dcaeb_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.0788c3e1_ca6dcaeb_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.0788c3e1_ca6dcaeb_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"sensor.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.95a39ece_f24eab13_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.95a39ece_f24eab13_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.95a39ece_f24eab13_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.95a39ece_f24eab13_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.95a39ece_f24eab13_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.95a39ece_f24eab13_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.95a39ece_f24eab13_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.95a39ece_f24eab13_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"camera.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"camera.9a3afd0f_af27cc6e","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_path","state":"/lovelace/test-home","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_visibility","state":"visible","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_useragent","state":"Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 9; KFMAWI Build/PS7331.4463N; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/120.0.6099.266 Safari/537.36 Home Assistant/2026.3.2-20802 (Android 9; KFMAWI)","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_user","state":"nonadmin","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_fullykiosk","state":"off","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_width","state":"1231","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_height","state":"769","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_dark_mode","state":"on","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7","state":"off","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.fb591309_f509aaf7_screen","state":"on","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.fb591309_f509aaf7","state":"off","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_battery","state":"100","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_charging","state":"on","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.46d9cb08_e6b53c45_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.46d9cb08_e6b53c45_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.46d9cb08_e6b53c45_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.46d9cb08_e6b53c45_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.46d9cb08_e6b53c45_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.46d9cb08_e6b53c45_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.46d9cb08_e6b53c45_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.46d9cb08_e6b53c45_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.46d9cb08_e6b53c45_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"sensor.930f88a3_8735f04c_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.930f88a3_8735f04c_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.930f88a3_8735f04c_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.930f88a3_8735f04c_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.930f88a3_8735f04c_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.930f88a3_8735f04c_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.930f88a3_8735f04c_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.930f88a3_8735f04c_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.930f88a3_8735f04c","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.930f88a3_8735f04c","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.930f88a3_8735f04c_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.930f88a3_8735f04c","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.930f88a3_8735f04c","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.53b6c3a9_81ba9d08_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e70da601_c4490689_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e70da601_c4490689_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e70da601_c4490689_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e70da601_c4490689_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.e70da601_c4490689_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e70da601_c4490689_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e70da601_c4490689_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.e70da601_c4490689_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.e70da601_c4490689","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.e70da601_c4490689","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.e70da601_c4490689_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.e70da601_c4490689","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.e70da601_c4490689","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.951bb517_fb53e9b2_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.951bb517_fb53e9b2_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.951bb517_fb53e9b2_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.951bb517_fb53e9b2_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.951bb517_fb53e9b2_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.951bb517_fb53e9b2_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.951bb517_fb53e9b2_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.951bb517_fb53e9b2_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.f72383f9_6581f7bd_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.f72383f9_6581f7bd_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.f72383f9_6581f7bd_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.f72383f9_6581f7bd_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.f72383f9_6581f7bd_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.f72383f9_6581f7bd_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.f72383f9_6581f7bd_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.f72383f9_6581f7bd_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.f72383f9_6581f7bd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.f72383f9_6581f7bd","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.f72383f9_6581f7bd_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.f72383f9_6581f7bd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.f72383f9_6581f7bd","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.b382cef1_b769f1fb_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.b382cef1_b769f1fb","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.b382cef1_b769f1fb","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.b382cef1_b769f1fb_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.59fbb209_8a50ffe5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.59fbb209_8a50ffe5","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.59fbb209_8a50ffe5_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.e975a4ac_6a899569_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.e975a4ac_6a899569","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.e975a4ac_6a899569","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"sensor.c07e00bf_f10dd641_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.c07e00bf_f10dd641_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.c07e00bf_f10dd641_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.c07e00bf_f10dd641_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.c07e00bf_f10dd641_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.c07e00bf_f10dd641_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.c07e00bf_f10dd641_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.c07e00bf_f10dd641_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.c07e00bf_f10dd641","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.c07e00bf_f10dd641","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.c07e00bf_f10dd641_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.c07e00bf_f10dd641","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.c07e00bf_f10dd641","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.2678f0e0_dee599b7_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.91d8a633_a9184ea2_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.91d8a633_a9184ea2_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.91d8a633_a9184ea2_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.91d8a633_a9184ea2_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.91d8a633_a9184ea2_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.91d8a633_a9184ea2_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.91d8a633_a9184ea2_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.91d8a633_a9184ea2_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.91d8a633_a9184ea2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.91d8a633_a9184ea2","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.91d8a633_a9184ea2_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.91d8a633_a9184ea2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.91d8a633_a9184ea2","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"media_player.2678f0e0_dee599b7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.2678f0e0_dee599b7","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.9baa292b_095f8865_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.9baa292b_095f8865_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.9baa292b_095f8865_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.9baa292b_095f8865_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.9baa292b_095f8865_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.9baa292b_095f8865_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.9baa292b_095f8865_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.9baa292b_095f8865_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.9baa292b_095f8865","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.9baa292b_095f8865","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.9baa292b_095f8865_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.9baa292b_095f8865","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.9baa292b_095f8865","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"media_player.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.2483f0d1_aaaf97c5","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.01358903_989c9391_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.01358903_989c9391_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.01358903_989c9391_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.01358903_989c9391_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.01358903_989c9391_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.01358903_989c9391_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.01358903_989c9391_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.01358903_989c9391_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.01358903_989c9391","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.01358903_989c9391","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.01358903_989c9391_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.01358903_989c9391","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.01358903_989c9391","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"media_player.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.20ebfb5c_e3d2d822","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.bd24bb29_04a116d8_king","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"automation.doorbell_pressed","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Doorbell Pressed","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"media_player.closet_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Closet","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_weight","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Weight","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_fat_mass","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fat mass","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_fat_free_mass","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fat free mass","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_muscle_mass","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Muscle mass","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_body_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Body temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_skin_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Skin temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_fat_ratio","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fat ratio","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_heart_pulse","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Heart pulse","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_spo2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"SpO2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_pulse_wave_velocity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pulse wave velocity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"media_player.bryn_s_fire_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Bryn's Fire","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"automation.button_press_4_1_work_modem_on","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Button Press - 4-1 Work Modem On","domain":"automation"},{"entityId":"media_player.cat_speakers","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Cat speakers","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.cat_speakers_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Cat speakers","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_vascular_age","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Vascular age","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_condition","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Condition","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_precipitation","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Precipitation","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_precipitation_probability","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Precipitation probability","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_pressure","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Pressure","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_temperature_low","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Temperature Low","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_wind_bearing","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Wind bearing","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_wind_speed","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Wind speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_cloud_coverage","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Cloud coverage","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.blesmart_0000018b005fbf07c941","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"device_tracker.blesmart_0000018b005fbf07c941","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.blesmart_0000018b005fbf07c941_estimated_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Estimated distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_visceral_fat_index","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Visceral fat index","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_pantry","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Closet Pantry","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_mirror","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Mirror","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_mirror_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Hallway Mirror","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_14","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_15","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_16","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_17","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_18","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_19","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_20","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_21","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_22","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_23","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_24","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_25","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_26","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_27","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.socket_1_28","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Socket 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"switch.shower_cat_main_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Switch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.new_device_port_2_remaining_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Remaining Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.new_device_port_3_remaining_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Remaining Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.new_device_port_4_remaining_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Remaining Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fan_cat_port_1_remaining_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Remaining Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"media_player.queen_bedroom_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Queen Bedroom 1","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"switch.shower_cat2_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Switch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.shower_cat3_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Switch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.shower_pug_bluetooth_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Switch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.openweathermap_forecast_cloud_coverage_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"OpenWeatherMap Forecast Cloud coverage","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.light_kitchen_rings_cloud_connection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Cloud connection","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_fat_mass_in_torso","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fat mass in torso","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"humidifier.air_freshener_hallway2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"humidifier.air_freshener_hallway2","domain":"humidifier"},{"entityId":"todo.tasks_account1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tasks Account1","domain":"todo"},{"entityId":"todo.home_assistant_ideas_account1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Home Assistant Ideas Account1","domain":"todo"},{"entityId":"sensor.inbox","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"inbox","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.example","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Example","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"calendar.calendar_account1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Bryn's Calendar","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"calendar.your_family_account1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Your family","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"update.kleenex_pollen_radar_update","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kleenex Pollen Radar update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"sensor.energy_burned","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"sensor.energy_burned","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.energy","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"sensor.energy","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasu_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Yasu Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_y_phone_distance_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"y_phone Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasuharus_apple_watch_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"yasuharus_apple_watch Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_iphone_6_4_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iphone_6_4 Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bryn_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Bryn Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bwatch_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"bwatch Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasu_direction_of_travel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Yasu Direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_y_phone_direction_of_travel_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"y_phone Direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasuharus_apple_watch_direction_of_travel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"yasuharus_apple_watch Direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_iphone_6_4_direction_of_travel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"iphone_6_4 Direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bryn_direction_of_travel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Bryn Direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bwatch_direction_of_travel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"bwatch Direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.start_stopwatch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Start/Stop Stopwatch","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_boolean.reset_stopwatch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Reset Stopwatch","domain":"input_boolean"},{"entityId":"input_datetime.stopwatch_start_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Stopwatch Start Time","domain":"input_datetime"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Title & Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Title & Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Title & Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Title & Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Title & Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Title & Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Title & Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Title & Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Title & Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_0","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Title & Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_5","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Power (Ride Only)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Power (Ride Only)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Power (Ride Only)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Power (Ride Only)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Power (Ride Only)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Power (Ride Only)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Power (Ride Only)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Power (Ride Only)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Power (Ride Only)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_6","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Power (Ride Only)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_7","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_8","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_9","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_10","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_11","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_12","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_0_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_1_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_2_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_3_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_4_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_5_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_6_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_7_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_8_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_9_13","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_run_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Run Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_run_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Run Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_run_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Run Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_run_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Run Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_run_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Run Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_run_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Run Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_run_activity_count","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Run Activity Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_run_activity_count","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Run Activity Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_run_activity_count","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Run Activity Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_run_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Run Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_run_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Run Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_run_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Run Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_ride_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Ride Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_ride_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Ride Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_ride_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Ride Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_ride_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Ride Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_ride_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Ride Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_ride_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Ride Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_ride_activity_count","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Ride Activity Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_ride_activity_count","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Ride Activity Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_ride_activity_count","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Ride Activity Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_ride_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Ride Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_ride_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Ride Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_ride_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Ride Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_ride_biggest_climb_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Ride Biggest Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_ride_biggest_ride_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Ride Biggest Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_swim_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Swim Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_swim_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Swim Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_swim_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Swim Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_swim_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Swim Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_swim_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Swim Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_swim_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Swim Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_recent_swim_activity_count","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"RECENT Swim Activity Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_ytd_swim_activity_count","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"YTD Swim Activity Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_stats_summary_all_swim_activity_count","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"ALL Swim Activity Count","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_cam","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"strava_cam","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_activity_0_photos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Activity 0 Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_activity_1_photos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Activity 1 Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_activity_2_photos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Activity 2 Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_activity_3_photos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Activity 3 Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_activity_4_photos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Activity 4 Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_activity_5_photos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Activity 5 Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_activity_6_photos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Activity 6 Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_activity_7_photos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Activity 7 Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_activity_8_photos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Activity 8 Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"camera.strava_activity_9_photos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Activity 9 Photos","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.template_task_due","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.template_task_due","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.total_steps","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Total Steps","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.daily_step_goal","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Daily Step Goal","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.total_kilocalories","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Total KiloCalories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.active_kilocalories","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Active KiloCalories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.bmr_kilocalories","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"BMR KiloCalories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.consumed_kilocalories","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Consumed KiloCalories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.burned_kilocalories","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Burned KiloCalories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.remaining_kilocalories","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Remaining KiloCalories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.net_remaining_kilocalories","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Net Remaining KiloCalories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.net_calorie_goal","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Net Calorie Goal","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.total_distance_mtr","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Total Distance Mtr","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.active_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Active Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sedentary_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Sedentary Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sleeping_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Sleeping Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.awake_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Awake Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sleep_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Sleep Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.floors_ascended","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Floors Ascended","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.floors_descended","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Floors Descended","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.floors_ascended_goal","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Floors Ascended Goal","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.min_heart_rate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Min Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.max_heart_rate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.resting_heart_rate_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Resting Heart Rate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.avg_stress_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Avg Stress Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.max_stress_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Max Stress Level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.rest_stress_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Rest Stress Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.activity_stress_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Activity Stress Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.uncat_stress_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Uncat. Stress Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.total_stress_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Total Stress Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.low_stress_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Low Stress Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.medium_stress_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Medium Stress Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.high_stress_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"High Stress Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.body_battery_charged","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Body Battery Charged","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.body_battery_drained","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Body Battery Drained","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.body_battery_highest","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Body Battery Highest","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.body_battery_lowest","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Body Battery Lowest","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.body_battery_most_recent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Body Battery Most Recent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.average_spo2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Average SPO2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.lowest_spo2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Lowest SPO2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.latest_spo2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Latest SPO2","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.weight_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Weight","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.visceral_fat","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Visceral Fat","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.metabolic_age","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Metabolic Age","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.next_alarm_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Next Alarm Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.sleep_score","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Sleep Score","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"calendar.garmin_connect_account1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Garmin Connect","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"humidifier.humidifier_cat","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"humidifier.humidifier_cat","domain":"humidifier"},{"entityId":"sensor.cast_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cast_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cast_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cast_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.cast_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cast_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cast_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.cast_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.cast","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.cast","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.cast_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.cast","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.cast","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.cb98e245_3661cd97_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.cb98e245_3661cd97","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.cb98e245_3661cd97","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.02392750_18703322","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.02392750_18703322","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.02392750_18703322_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.02392750_18703322","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.02392750_18703322","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.a78b9372_c9f2beba_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.a78b9372_c9f2beba","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.a78b9372_c9f2beba","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.a78b9372_c9f2beba_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.a7e540bf_a1c30e93","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.a7e540bf_a1c30e93","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.ede9e9e8_f98c46bc_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.dee76664_b3a63c09_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.dee76664_b3a63c09","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.dee76664_b3a63c09","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.aura_sensor_v2_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.device_tracker_iphone_8_1","state":"home","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_name","state":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1)","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone Name","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone Interval","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_moved_distance","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone MovedDistance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_gps_accuracy","state":"14.0","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone GPSAccuracy","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_info","state":"At Almost Home-(Since-9:44p), MobApp LastUpdate-1 days ago, MobApp LocRequest-18 mins ago","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone Info","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_zone_name","state":"Home","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone ZoneName","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_last_zone_name","state":"Home","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone LastZone","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_dir_of_travel","state":"inHomeZone","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone Direction","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_last_zone","state":"home","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone LastZone","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_trigger","state":"Enter Zone@9:42:42p","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone Trigger","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_zone_fname","state":"Almost Home","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone ZoneFname","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_zone","state":"home","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone Zone","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_home_distance","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone HomeDistance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_arrival_time","state":"@9:44p","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone ArrivalTime","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_badge","state":"Almost Home","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone Badge","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_travel_time_min","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone TravelTime (min)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_calc_distance","state":"0.05","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone CalcDistance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_zone_distance","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone ZoneDistance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_travel_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone TravelTime","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_last_located","state":"9:42:42p","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone LastLocated","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_last_update","state":"9:44:15p","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone LastUpdate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_next_update","state":"10:14:15","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone NextUpdate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_last_zone_fname","state":"Almost Home","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone LastZone","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.device_tracker_y_phone","state":"home","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_name","state":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone)","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone Name","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_interval","state":"30","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone Interval","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_moved_distance","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone MovedDistance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_gps_accuracy","state":"45.0","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone GPSAccuracy","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_battery_status","state":"Charged","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone BatteryStatus","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_info","state":"At Almost Home-(Since-9:44p), MobApp LastUpdate-1 days ago, MobApp LocRequest-18 mins ago","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone Info","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_zone_name","state":"Home","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone ZoneName","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_last_zone_name","state":"Work","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone LastZone","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_dir_of_travel","state":"inHomeZone","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone Direction","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_last_zone","state":"work","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone LastZone","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_trigger","state":"periodic@9:42:42p","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone Trigger","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_zone_fname","state":"Almost Home","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone ZoneFname","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_zone","state":"home","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone Zone","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_home_distance","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone HomeDistance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_arrival_time","state":"@9:44p","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone ArrivalTime","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_badge","state":"Almost Home","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone Badge","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_travel_time_min","state":"0","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone TravelTime (min)","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_battery","state":"100","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_calc_distance","state":"0.06","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone CalcDistance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_zone_distance","state":"0.0","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone ZoneDistance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_travel_time","state":"0","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone TravelTime","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_last_located","state":"9:42:42p","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone LastLocated","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_last_update","state":"9:44:15p","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone LastUpdate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_next_update","state":"10:14:15","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone NextUpdate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_y_phone_last_zone_fname","state":"Work","friendlyName":"Yasu Phone (device_tracker_y_phone) Yasu Phone LastZone","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_y_phone_distance_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"y_phone distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_y_phone_direction_of_travel_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"y_phone direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_battery_status","state":"NotCharging","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone BatteryStatus","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.device_tracker_iphone_8_1_battery","state":"55","friendlyName":"Bryn Phone (device_tracker_iphone_8_1) Bryn Phone Battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bwatch_distance_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"bwatch distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_bwatch_direction_of_travel_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"bwatch direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.6507d68f_6563ca6c_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.6507d68f_6563ca6c","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.6507d68f_6563ca6c","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_battery","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_charging","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"calendar.birthdays","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Birthdays","domain":"calendar"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasuharus_apple_watch_distance_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"yasuharus_apple_watch distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.almost_home_yasuharus_apple_watch_direction_of_travel_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"yasuharus_apple_watch direction of travel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"update.music_assistant_update","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Music Assistant update","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_king_bedroom","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"switch.camera_king_bedroom","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_king_bedroom_led","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.hrv_status","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"HRV Status","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.tablet_11_shuffle_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - LR 11 shuffle switch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.tablet_11_repeat_switch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fire Tablet - LR 11 repeat switch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_kitchen_cat_water_beacon","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Kitchen Cat Water Beacon","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_air_freshener_selby","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug Air Freshener Selby","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_cat_beacon_red","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug Cat Beacon Red","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_shelves_led1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Cat Shelves LED1","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_led_up2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Cat LED up2","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_cat_wr_mini_fountain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug Cat WR Mini Fountain","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_kitchen_potpourri","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug Kitchen Potpourri","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_beside_balcony","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR Beside Balcony","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_king_on_air","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light King On Air","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.fan_queen_white","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fan Queen White","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_behind_couch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR Behind Couch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_kitchen_hutch_fountain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug Kitchen Hutch Fountain","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_elephant","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR Elephant","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_hallway_entrance_work_beacon","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug Hallway Entrance Work Beacon","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_l_am_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_r_am_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_hub_am_temperature","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_carbon_monoxide","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Carbon Monoxide","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_volatile_organic_compounds","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Volatile Organic Compounds","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_indoor_air_quality","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Indoor Air Quality","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.second_air_quality_monitor_particulate_matter","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Second Air Quality Monitor Particulate Matter","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_carbon_monoxide","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Carbon Monoxide","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_volatile_organic_compounds","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Volatile Organic Compounds","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_indoor_air_quality","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Indoor Air Quality","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.first_air_quality_monitor_particulate_matter","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"First Air Quality Monitor Particulate Matter","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_track_1_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Kitchen Track 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_ladder_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Queen Ladder","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_bulb_1_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Kitchen Bulb 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_track_3_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light King Track 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_lamp_up_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR Lamp Down","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_bed_left_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Queen Bed Left","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_3_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Hallway Track 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_sconce_l_up_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR Sconce L Up","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_lamp_down2_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR Lamp Up","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_spot_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light King Spot","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_entrance_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Hallway Entrance","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_2_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Hallway Track 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_pug_shower_sl","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Pug Shower SL","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_pug_down_sl","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Pug Down SL","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_track_1_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Queen Track 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_closet_storage","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Queen Closet Storage","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_tv_cabinet_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR TV Cabinet","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_track_5_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light King Track 5","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_track_3_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Queen Track 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_tv_r_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light King TV R","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_mirror_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Cat Mirror","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_track_3_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Kitchen Track 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_floor_l","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light King Floor L","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_floor_r_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light King Floor R","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_spot_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Queen Spot","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_6_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Hallway Track 6","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_cat_shower_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Cat Shower","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_sconce_l_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light King Sconce L","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_track_5_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Queen Track 5","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_track_1_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Kitchen Track 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"button.camera_king_bedroom_pan_right","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan right","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_king_bedroom_pan_left","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan left","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_king_bedroom_tilt_up","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt up","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_king_bedroom_tilt_down","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt down","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"number.camera_king_bedroom_pan_degrees","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan degrees","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.camera_king_bedroom_tilt_degrees","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt degrees","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"sensor.camera_king_bedroom_signal_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Signal level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_king_bedroom_baby_cry_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Baby cry detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_king_bedroom_motion_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_king_bedroom_person_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Person detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_l_am_temperature_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_r_am_temperature_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_hub_am_temperature_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"button.camera_lr_balcony_pan_right","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan right","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_lr_balcony_pan_left","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan left","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_lr_balcony_tilt_up","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt up","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_lr_balcony_tilt_down","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt down","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"camera.camera_lr_balcony_live_view","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Live view","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"number.camera_lr_balcony_pan_degrees","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan degrees","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.camera_lr_balcony_tilt_degrees","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt degrees","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"sensor.camera_lr_balcony_signal_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Signal level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_balcony_baby_cry_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Baby cry detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_balcony","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"switch.camera_lr_balcony","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_balcony_led","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_balcony_motion_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_balcony_person_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Person detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"camera.camera_hallway_cat_food_live_view","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Live view","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"sensor.camera_hallway_cat_food_signal_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Signal level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_food_baby_cry_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Baby cry detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_food","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_food","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_food_led","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_food_motion_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_food_person_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Person detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"button.camera_lr_fountain_pan_right","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan right","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_lr_fountain_pan_left","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan left","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_lr_fountain_tilt_up","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt up","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_lr_fountain_tilt_down","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt down","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"camera.camera_lr_fountain_live_view","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Live view","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"number.camera_lr_fountain_pan_degrees","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan degrees","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.camera_lr_fountain_tilt_degrees","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt degrees","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"sensor.camera_lr_fountain_signal_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Signal level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_fountain_baby_cry_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Baby cry detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_fountain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"switch.camera_lr_fountain","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_fountain_led","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_fountain_motion_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_fountain_person_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Person detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"button.camera_kitchen_cupboards_pan_right","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan right","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_kitchen_cupboards_pan_left","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan left","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_kitchen_cupboards_tilt_up","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt up","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"button.camera_kitchen_cupboards_tilt_down","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt down","domain":"button"},{"entityId":"camera.camera_kitchen_cupboards_live_view","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Live view","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"number.camera_kitchen_cupboards_pan_degrees","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Pan degrees","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.camera_kitchen_cupboards_tilt_degrees","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tilt degrees","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"sensor.camera_kitchen_cupboards_signal_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Signal level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_kitchen_cupboards_baby_cry_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Baby cry detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_kitchen_cupboards","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"switch.camera_kitchen_cupboards","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_kitchen_cupboards_led","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_kitchen_cupboards_motion_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_kitchen_cupboards_person_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Person detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"camera.camera_lr_below_couch_live_view","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Live view","domain":"camera"},{"entityId":"sensor.camera_lr_below_couch_signal_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Signal level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_below_couch_baby_cry_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Baby cry detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_below_couch","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"switch.camera_lr_below_couch","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_below_couch_led","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_below_couch_motion_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_below_couch_person_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Person detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_below_couch_tamper_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tamper detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_kitchen_cupboards_tamper_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tamper detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_fountain_tamper_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tamper detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.total_sleep_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Total Sleep Duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_lr_balcony_tamper_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tamper detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_lr_waterfall_accent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR Waterfall Accent","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.lights_rainbow2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Lights Rainbow2","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_hallway_cat_house","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Hallway Cat House","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.light_cat_shelves_led3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Cat Shelves LED3","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.plug_king_red_work_beacon","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Plug King Red Work Beacon","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_track_3_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Closet Track 3","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_track_2_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Kitchen Track 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_tv_l_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light King TV L","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_beside_balcony_colour_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR Beside Balcony Colour","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_track_2_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Closet Track 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_island_corner_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Kitchen Island Corner","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_track_1_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Closet Track 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_tv_cabinet_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR TV Cabinet","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_food_tamper_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tamper detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"media_player.tv_living_room_70_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.tv_living_room_70_2","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"remote.tv_living_room_70","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"remote.tv_living_room_70","domain":"remote"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_tv_l2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light King TV L2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_track_2_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Kitchen Track 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_6_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Hallway Track 6","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"assist_satellite.ha_voice_lr_assist_satellite","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Assist satellite","domain":"assist_satellite"},{"entityId":"media_player.lg_laptop","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.lg_laptop","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.lg_laptop_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.lg_laptop_2","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"media_player.lg_laptop_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.lg_laptop_3","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_last_clean_start","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Last clean start","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_last_clean_end_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Last clean end","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_last_clean_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Last clean duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_last_clean_area","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Last clean area","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_current_clean_duration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Current clean duration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_current_clean_area","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Current clean area","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_main_brush_remaining","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Main brush remaining","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_side_brush_remaining","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Side brush remaining","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_filter_remaining","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Filter remaining","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.s8_sensor_dirty_remaining","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Sensor dirty remaining","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"vacuum.s8_2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"vacuum.s8_2","domain":"vacuum"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.lock_cat_low_battery_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Low battery level","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.light_hallway_track_6_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Hallway Track 6","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_l_am_temperature_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (L) AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_king_r_am_temperature_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - King (R) AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.echo_lr_hub_am_temperature_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Echo - LR Hub AM Temperature","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_track_2_4","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Kitchen Track 2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_closet_track_1_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light Closet Track 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.humidifier_lr_low_water","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Low water","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.humidifier_lr_water_tank_lifted","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Water tank lifted","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"humidifier.humidifier_lr","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"humidifier.humidifier_lr","domain":"humidifier"},{"entityId":"number.humidifier_lr_mist_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Mist level","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"select.humidifier_lr_night_light_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Night light level","domain":"select"},{"entityId":"switch.humidifier_lr_display","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Display","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"sensor.humidifier_lr_humidity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Humidity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_sconce_l_up_3","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light LR Sconce L Up","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_today_s_feeding_quantity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Today's Feeding Quantity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_today_s_feeding_quantity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Today's Feeding Quantity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"number.feeder_lr_rascal_desiccant_frequency","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Desiccant Frequency","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"number.feeder_hallway_firefly_desiccant_frequency","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Desiccant Frequency","domain":"number"},{"entityId":"sensor.camera_hallway_cat_litter_signal_level","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Signal level","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_litter_baby_cry_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Baby cry detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_litter","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_litter","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_litter_led","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"LED","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_litter_motion_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Motion detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_litter_person_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Person detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"switch.camera_hallway_cat_litter_tamper_detection","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Tamper detection","domain":"switch"},{"entityId":"device_tracker.om6_30gyz1_ibc_24af","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"device_tracker.om6_30gyz1_ibc_24af","domain":"device_tracker"},{"entityId":"sensor.om6_30gyz1_ibc_24af_estimated_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Estimated distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_diastolic_blood_pressure","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Diastolic blood pressure","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.withings_systolic_blood_pressure","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Systolic blood pressure","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.2678f0e0_dee599b7_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.02392750_18703322_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.dee76664_b3a63c09_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_panel","state":"Overview - Test-home","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.cb98e245_3661cd97_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_lr_rascal_last_feed_quantity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Last Feed Quantity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.feeder_hallway_firefly_last_feed_quantity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Last Feed Quantity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.a7e540bf_a1c30e93_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.6507d68f_6563ca6c_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.02392750_18703322_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.fb591309_f509aaf7_browser_id","state":"fb591309-f509aaf7","friendlyName":"fb591309-f509aaf7 Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.e975a4ac_6a899569_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_device_info","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Device Info","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_date","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_elapsed_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_kcal","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_pace","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_speed","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_average_heartrate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Average Heartrate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_max_heartrate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Max Heartrate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_average_cadence","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Power","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_trophies","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_kudos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_run_gear_name","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Run Gear Name","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_device_info","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Device Info","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_date","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_elapsed_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_kcal","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_pace","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_speed","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_average_heartrate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Average Heartrate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_max_heartrate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Max Heartrate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_average_cadence","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Power","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_trophies","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_kudos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_ride_gear_name","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Ride Gear Name","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_device_info","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Device Info","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_date","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Date","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_distance","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Distance","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_moving_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Moving Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_elapsed_time","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Elapsed Time","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_elevation_gain","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Elevation Gain","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_kcal","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Calories","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_pace","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Pace","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_speed","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Speed","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_average_heartrate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Average Heartrate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_max_heartrate","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Max Heartrate","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_average_cadence","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Average Cadence","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_power","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Power","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_trophies","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Trophies","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_kudos","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Kudos","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_swim_gear_name","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Swim Gear Name","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.strava_unknown_recent_activity","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Strava Unknown Recent Activity","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"update.humidifier_lr_firmware","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Firmware","domain":"update"},{"entityId":"sensor.garmin_connect_chronological_age","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Chronological Age","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.garmin_connect_fitness_age","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Fitness Age","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.garmin_connect_achievable_fitness_age","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Achievable Fitness Age","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.garmin_connect_previous_fitness_age","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Previous Fitness Age","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.garmin_connect_hydration","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Hydration","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.garmin_connect_hydration_goal","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Hydration Goal","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.garmin_connect_hydration_daily_average","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Hydration Daily Average","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.garmin_connect_hydration_sweat_loss","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Hydration Sweat Loss","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.garmin_connect_hydration_activity_intake","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Hydration Activity Intake","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_perimeter","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - King Perimeter","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_tv_strip","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - King TV Strip","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_tv_strip","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Queen TV Strip","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_kitchen_perime","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Kitchen Perime","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_perimeter_1","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Perimeter 1","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_perimeter2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Perimeter2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_queen_perimete","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - Queen Perimete","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_king_bed","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - King Bed","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.lights_kitchen_rainb","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Lights - Kitchen Rainb","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_tv_living_room","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - TV Living Room","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.lights_lr_heart","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Lights - LR Heart","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.light_lr_heart2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Light - LR Heart2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"light.lights_lr_perimeter2","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Lights - LR Perimeter2","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_0da8b0a7_fd42ec2e_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_835e3fbf_5836ca6c_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_id","state":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_path","state":"/lovelace/test-home","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_visibility","state":"visible","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_useragent","state":"Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 9; KFTRWI Build/PS7331.4463N; wv) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Chrome/138.0.7204.244 Safari/537.36 Home Assistant/beta-10158-bc248b63-10158 (Android 9; KFTRWI)","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_user","state":"nonadmin","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_fullykiosk","state":"off","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_width","state":"1285","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_height","state":"803","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_dark_mode","state":"on","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4","state":"off","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_screen","state":"on","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4","state":"off","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_panel","state":"Overview - Test-home","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_f1555ca0_24b10a42 Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_battery","state":"100","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser battery","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4_browser_charging","state":"on","friendlyName":"browser_mod_ae59b0aa_0d9f49b4 Browser charging","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_35efcd88_05fc0f82_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"browser_mod_aaf4b61a_f9a9b2fd Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_browser_id","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser ID","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_browser_path","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser path","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_browser_visibility","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser visibility","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_browser_useragent","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser userAgent","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_browser_user","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser user","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_browser_fullykiosk","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser FullyKiosk","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_browser_width","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser width","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_browser_height","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser height","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_browser_dark_mode","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Browser dark mode","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"binary_sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"light.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_screen","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Screen","domain":"light"},{"entityId":"media_player.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"media_player.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86","domain":"media_player"},{"entityId":"sensor.browser_mod_6677abab_97bdfa86_panel","state":"unavailable","friendlyName":"Panel","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"binary_sensor.backups_stale","state":"on","friendlyName":"Backups Stale","domain":"binary_sensor"},{"entityId":"sensor.backup_state","state":"error","friendlyName":"Backup State","domain":"sensor"},{"entityId":"automation.rascal_meds_timer_alexa","state":"off","friendlyName":"Rascal Meds Timer Alexa","domain":"automation"}]
10:32:31 PM [express] GET /api/automation-cooldown 304 in 1ms :: {"active":false,"remaining":0,"reason":null}
10:32:31 PM [express] GET /api/openai-approval/pending 304 in 1ms :: []
byhomeyyz@raspberrypi:~/Home-View $ ^C
byhomeyyz@raspberrypi:~/Home-View $ curl -sS -X POST http://localhost:5000/api/webhook/cat-lights -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"state":"on","bypass":true}'
{"action":"ignored","reason":"Light actually off (verified)"}byhomeyyz@raspberrypi:~/Home-View $ tail -80 /home/byhomeyyz/.pm2/logs/dashboard-out.log       tail -80 /home/byhomeyyz/.pm2/logs/dashboard-out.log
[Cat Lights] Light state: on (body state: on)
[Cat Lights] Architecture: server-side TTS → Google Nest speaker (media_player.play_media)
[Cat Lights] Cooldown BYPASSED via request
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3193s)
[Cat Lights] Body said ON but HA confirms light is OFF — aborting
10:33:12 PM [express] POST /api/webhook/cat-lights 200 in 213ms :: {"action":"ignored","reason":"Light actually off (verified)"}
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 6/Module
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3193s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
10:33:13 PM [express] GET /api/automation-cooldown 304 in 0ms :: {"active":false,"remaining":0,"reason":null}
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3193s)
10:33:13 PM [express] GET /api/openai-approval/pending 304 in 0ms :: []
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3192s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 6/Readings
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3192s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3192s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 7
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3192s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3191s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 7/Module
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3191s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3191s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 7/Readings
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3191s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
10:33:15 PM [express] GET /api/automation-cooldown 304 in 1ms :: {"active":false,"remaining":0,"reason":null}
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3191s)
10:33:15 PM [express] GET /api/health 200 in 1ms :: {"status":"ok","uptime":411,"ha":{"connected":true,"lastSuccessAt":"2026-04-18T02:32:56.120Z","lastFailureAt":null,"consecutiveFailures":0,"totalChecks":7,"totalFailures":0,"lastError":null,"downSince":null,"commandQueue":{"pending":0,"processing":false,"oldest":null}},"heartbeat":{"interval_seconds":30,"sensor":"sensor.study_dashboard_heartbeat"},"timestamp":"2026-04-18T02:33:15.556Z"}
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 8
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3190s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3190s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 8/Module
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3190s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3190s)
10:33:16 PM [express] GET /api/openai-approval/pending 304 in 1ms :: []
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 8/Readings
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3190s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3189s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 9
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3189s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3189s)
10:33:17 PM [express] GET /api/automation-cooldown 304 in 1ms :: {"active":false,"remaining":0,"reason":null}
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 9/Module
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3189s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3188s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Winter/TBD3/Week 9/Readings
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3188s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3188s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Spring & Summer
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3188s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3188s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3187s)
10:33:19 PM [express] GET /api/news 200 in 1ms :: [{"title":"Trump tells ABC News he thinks he can trust the Iranians","source":"ABC News","link":"https://abcnews.com/Politics/trump-tells-abc-news-thinks-trust-iranians/story?id=132142888","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T20:56:39.000Z"},{"title":"Lutnick says Trump views CUSMA as ‘a bad deal,’ needs to be ‘re-imagined’","source":"Global","link":"https://globalnews.ca/news/11806196/lutnick-cusma-trump-tariffs/","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T19:21:03.000Z"},{"title":"The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics","source":"Politico","link":"https://www.politico.com/gallery/2026/04/17/the-nations-cartoonists-on-the-week-in-politics-00878255","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T09:00:00.000Z"},{"title":"Trump set to read Scripture from the Oval Office during 'America Reads the Bible' event starting Sunday","source":"Fox News","link":"https://www.foxnews.com/politics/trump-set-read-scripture-oval-office-america-reads-bible-event-starting-sunday","publishedAt":"2026-04-18T02:14:26.000Z"},{"title":"National Guard general sends Trump a message on possible orders to send troops to polls","source":"Raw Story","link":"https://www.rawstory.com/trump-national-guard-2676760695/","publishedAt":"2026-04-18T01:58:01.000Z"},{"title":"‘We just need someone who’s not crazy’: Inside the White House decision to nominate Erica Schwartz as CDC director","source":"CNN","link":"https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMilgFBVV95cUxOdjd0T3l6Z0hIX3gxWmMxUDhRN0o1YW9GdUt6T1laSTFMdnl2OWtBNWdJcXpBRmFPRVBQWlpnR1FwaEtfQjg3dks4ZExMMndEdGxxUzRaLXpNZEdHYWx3dVVJTWRrNjJZVm4tWk1RVEZFUHFzdmZQTmE1X1VpN3hldkd4THVmMTBGY2lENS14eXBKNTM4blE?oc=5","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T22:53:01.000Z"},{"title":"DOJ removes top prosecutor who questioned case against former CIA Director John Brennan","source":"MSNBC","link":"https://www.ms.now/news/doj-removes-top-prosecutor-who-questioned-case-against-former-cia-director-john-brennan","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T21:45:36.000Z"},{"title":"‘Terrible timing;’ Doug Ford facing opposition criticism over purchase of $28.9M private jet","source":"CTV","link":"https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMixgFBVV95cUxQNmd1UFVES1NfSTZUWFp6Q0lvYmtDRkxuNlI3eDE0QU5iUkZManVQYndoUUpHNGoxRkFyYXd5ZHp3NlZOOTc1YVZfVkIyWm00djR5STNCR3dVVnE2eUtNZW5EOHdVT1k3QnpRdy16emltOVBGMVA2YVJQTWxSNjRtenBXR29yY3FCMnBHMzdkRnplQTFlU1JPRWlYa01mMWRyNTdvY09CLWQ3bXhNblJvRVFIT3pKd215T0gxMk5hYnNBcTR1clE?oc=5","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T12:59:14.000Z"},{"title":"'Staggering' I was not told Mandelson failed vetting, says PM","source":"BBC","link":"https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c17v2452vglo?at_medium=RSS&amp;at_campaign=rss","publishedAt":"2026-04-18T00:00:19.000Z"},{"title":"Is the Strait of Hormuz really open again? Here's what we know — and don't know","source":"CBC","link":"https://www.cbc.ca/news/world/strait-of-hormuz-open-oil-iran-us-israel-middle-east-war-9.7169075?cmp=rss","publishedAt":"2026-01-09T17:00:37.000Z"},{"title":"Millions under threat of severe weather, including tornadoes","source":"ABC News","link":"https://abcnews.com/US/millions-severe-weather-threat-destructive-storms/story?id=132144664","publishedAt":"2026-04-18T02:16:00.000Z"},{"title":"Canada’s emissions reductions slowed in 2024, federal data shows","source":"Global","link":"https://globalnews.ca/news/11806118/canada-greenhouse-gas-emissions-report/","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T17:51:07.000Z"},{"title":"Why Steve Hilton thinks he can turn California red","source":"Politico","link":"https://www.politico.com/video/2026/04/16/why-steve-hilton-thinks-he-can-turn-california-red-2014381","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T03:59:00.000Z"},{"title":"Fox News Campus Radicals Newsletter: Dem teachers groom 'foot soldiers,' justice served to anti-Israel group","source":"Fox News","link":"https://www.foxnews.com/politics/fox-news-campus-radicals-newsletter-dem-teachers-groom-foot-soldiers-justice-served-anti-israel-group","publishedAt":"2026-04-18T01:56:51.000Z"},{"title":"American Airlines shoots down United merger rumors while flattering Trump","source":"Raw Story","link":"https://www.rawstory.com/american-airlines-2676760668/","publishedAt":"2026-04-18T01:48:17.000Z"},{"title":"With a ceasefire in Lebanon, Trump has forced Netanyahu’s hand – again","source":"CNN","link":"https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMimwFBVV95cUxOWHgzSkkwbktlZnhVeWdIMXpla3N2QUtUM3NEQTNWQjJMQ1M0QzBYb3hjWVg1N2ZyNU5TQXFybUdSN1J4emQxR09zSGFybkJMSXMwSHQ2N2VvSW1XYy1qRUlzWGZGNzk4Z0xwZ0NaNU5oVWhiS0dpM1FKZy02NDhlQkhVQy1xQmIySkU2allXeG9fMVJuMkJNcjktUQ?oc=5","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T20:53:29.000Z"},{"title":"House GOP revolt sparks bipartisan FISA talks","source":"MSNBC","link":"https://www.ms.now/news/fisa-house-warrantless-surveillance-spying","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T21:43:02.000Z"},{"title":"Increased police presence at W.F. Herman Academy","source":"CTV","link":"https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMijwFBVV95cUxQMHdoUzF3aDJaZlBpSEY3V3hvN1F2ckptaDFiUlVwblpVcEg5UGpBZHNaeTRuRFZSMEpSVnpTeEluSExxR2tvbzdGajc4SzdWbUtpZzd2MWE3NXNpRnJ6Z0p3VjF4S2F2N0VwQWxqUktpUEJzVkh6ZWR6ZGZ1bldGQnd1V1VEVWJMdUxTZExyMA?oc=5","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T14:08:45.000Z"},{"title":"Key questions facing government over Mandelson vetting","source":"BBC","link":"https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c9qd2gjrv4ro?at_medium=RSS&amp;at_campaign=rss","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T19:24:18.000Z"},{"title":"Murder charges to be withdrawn against alleged poison seller Kenneth Law, lawyer says","source":"CBC","link":"https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/murder-charges-withdrawn-kenneth-law-case-9.7169155?cmp=rss","publishedAt":"2026-04-18T02:09:14.000Z"},{"title":"Canadian military procurement faces ‘persistent challenges,’ audit warns","source":"Global","link":"https://globalnews.ca/news/11805617/procurement-persistent-challenges-audit/","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T12:17:12.000Z"},{"title":"Pappas holds cash advantage over GOP rivals in New Hampshire","source":"Politico","link":"https://www.politico.com/live-updates/2026/04/15/congress/pappas-new-hampshire-senate-cash-advantage-00875605","publishedAt":"2026-04-16T04:50:09.000Z"},{"title":"RFK Jr clashes with Dem lawmaker over Trump’s mental fitness in heated exchange","source":"Fox News","link":"https://www.foxnews.com/politics/rfk-jr-clashes-dem-lawmaker-trumps-mental-fitness-heated-exchange","publishedAt":"2026-04-18T01:54:14.000Z"},{"title":"Ex-prosecutor fears Trump DOJ will help 'hide' ICE agent facing criminal charges","source":"Raw Story","link":"https://www.rawstory.com/trump-ice-2676760636/","publishedAt":"2026-04-18T01:34:40.000Z"},{"title":"Cerina Fairfax: Beloved dentist and devoted mother killed by husband, former Virginia lieutenant governor","source":"CNN","link":"https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicEFVX3lxTFBjLVZ4SUoyYVFOYUcxX1ZzbTNIeXhLVnRqTFI3MzlSUmd3SWd1V0Vydy1RNXM0MUdGU29EWGZHeldRdWpmNnJVWlVkQWlSUEhNaXZkcHJ3djNjekZTNlg2RmpoWEc5MEcyX3BUYWNHY1I?oc=5","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T19:50:13.000Z"},{"title":"The Strait of Hormuz is open. Here’s what to watch next.","source":"MSNBC","link":"https://www.ms.now/opinion/strait-hormuz-open-iran-war-questions","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T21:21:38.000Z"},{"title":"CTVNews","source":"CTV","link":"https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYkFVX3lxTFBLYjh5UEtrbXgtYnlsbGwzWmNDb0o2RHhXR1VfRVFTb2lBdWZ4Q0ZiS3FXY0J4ZldlS3k1MW45UXRaM01RY2s0eEdmNEFxN2JuekM5SE5RMGgzSnZhZDZpVWFB?oc=5","publishedAt":"2026-04-18T01:11:20.000Z"},{"title":"Ex-UCP candidate who says she was branded a racist hopes 'truth can be aired in full' at trial","source":"CBC","link":"https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/calgary/caylan-ford-defamation-trial-9.7167719?cmp=rss","publishedAt":"2026-04-17T20:20:14.000Z"}]
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Spring-Summer
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3187s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
10:33:19 PM [express] GET /api/automation-cooldown 304 in 0ms :: {"active":false,"remaining":0,"reason":null}
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3187s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Spring-Summer/Full
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3187s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
10:33:19 PM [express] GET /api/openai-approval/pending 304 in 0ms :: []
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3186s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Spring-Summer/Spring - First Half
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3186s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3186s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] listOneDriveItems called for path: /School/1. TMU/Courses/2027/Spring-Summer/Summer - Second Half
[OneDrive][TRACE] Using cached access token (expires in 3185s)
[OneDrive][TRACE] Got OneDrive client, making API call...
byhomeyyz@raspberrypi:~/Home-View $